
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1105127562                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391204441299                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 374594                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   494363                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36458                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67759056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30312.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11354916223                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14985430440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        63232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               394752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       148608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            148608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20037506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     19805858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17836855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     37758537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17836855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17836855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     57216924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     17836855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               357200393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           32546469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         134471354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              134471354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         134471354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20037506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     19805858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17836855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     37758537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17836855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17836855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     57216924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     17836855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              491671748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1899896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1132638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       262289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2186700     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7754      0.32%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16661      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6896      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36028      1.49%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32620      1.35%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6341      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13397      0.56%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103703      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.427380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1878670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       283914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1881938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        241331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        31889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        10474                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         4540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         3337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1003                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6236383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6236383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           24240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956810     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139281      5.78%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112339      4.66%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48691      2.02%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60303      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56308      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32159      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2689      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1520      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3096     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23700     86.15%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          713      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792986     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10992      0.87%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298590     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154078     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.474201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4952223                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446703                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        234285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163202                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1335462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.504551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1956257     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159003      6.66%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73909      3.10%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72106      3.02%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19791      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82275      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6437      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4654      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11335      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2667018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                240087                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.650187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.650187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1570171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         204336                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167376                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21471                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82759                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78478                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20723                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1957249                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1145330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            204336                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        99201                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              238049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         59855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       111970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          121206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21318                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2107352     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          11101      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17386      0.74%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          23313      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          24334      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          20626      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11143      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          17174      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         112972      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2345401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077102                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432170                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1937043                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       132594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          237413                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37967                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        33331                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1404128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37967                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1942802                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         20375                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        99671                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          232023                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12561                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1402362                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1958796                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6521698                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6521698                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1664312                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         294484                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           39493                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       131874                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        70001                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15633                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1317193                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174140                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426152                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1789899     76.32%     76.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227288      9.69%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115449      4.92%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87996      3.75%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68789      2.93%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27761      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17802      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9090      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1327      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108488     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19668      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119156      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69718      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1317193                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.497019                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4982394                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1573491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1295533                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319540                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23803                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37967                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         17321                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1276                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131874                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70001                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297487                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111990                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19706                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             181694                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         183852                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            69704                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.489583                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1295599                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1295533                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          744938                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2008755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.488846                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.370846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       970258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205445                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21551                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1818015     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242293     10.50%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91902      3.98%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43535      1.89%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36450      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21356      0.93%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19072      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8298      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26513      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       970258                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1193904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               176814                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              108071                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           172193                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1075655                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        24582                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        26513                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3680270                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2836669                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 31314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                304786                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            970258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1193904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       970258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.731425                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.731425                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.366109                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.366109                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5837929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1806722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1300122                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         231994                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193329                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22711                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87828                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82483                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24418                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2003337                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1271950                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            231994                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       106901                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              263925                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         64272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       157400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          126026                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.633744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2204470     89.31%     89.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          15846      0.64%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20070      0.81%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          32064      1.30%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13460      0.55%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          17378      0.70%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          19999      0.81%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9436      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         135672      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2468395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.087539                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.479947                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1993878                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       170682                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          262523                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        41133                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        34970                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1553457                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        41133                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1996498                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          6119                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       158332                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          260061                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6251                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1542601                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2154718                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7168655                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7168655                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1767644                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         387068                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          373                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          197                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23430                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       145845                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        74595                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        16573                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1503971                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1431360                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203329                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429661                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1863797     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274387     11.12%     86.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112672      4.56%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63709      2.58%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85640      3.47%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27135      1.10%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26259      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13655      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10020     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1397     11.00%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1206024     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19436      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131499      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74226      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1431360                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.540098                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12703                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5345628                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1707694                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1391783                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1444063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30839                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        41133                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          4607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1504346                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145845                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74595                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12658                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        26035                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1404748                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128855                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26612                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             203048                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         198146                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            74193                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.530056                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1391824                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1391783                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          834110                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2240665                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.525164                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372260                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1028432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1267452                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236899                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22687                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1890596     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272250     11.22%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98602      4.06%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49140      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44821      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19011      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18779      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8939      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25124      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1028432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1267452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               188082                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              115005                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           183764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1141089                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        26189                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        25124                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3906476                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3049846                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32154                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                181792                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1028432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1267452                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1028432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.576920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.576920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.388060                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.388060                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6318677                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1946674                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1435209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         204207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167264                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82717                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78437                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20706                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955948                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1144511                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            204207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        99143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              237884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         59791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       114714                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          121123                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21302                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2346632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2108748     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11094      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17381      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23295      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          24320      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          20615      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11131      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17162      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         112886      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2346632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077054                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1935772                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       135307                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          237251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        37920                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        33314                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1403110                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        37920                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1941528                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         20383                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       102395                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          231861                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12543                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1401334                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1957311                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6516934                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6516934                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1663226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         294043                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           39459                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       131776                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        69959                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          794                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15615                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397995                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173863                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425389                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2346632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1791470     76.34%     76.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227177      9.68%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115378      4.92%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87932      3.75%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68739      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27735      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17793      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9082      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1326      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2346632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.07%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          851     36.24%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107747     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19644      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119070      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69676      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316300                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.496682                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001784                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4981840                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1572193                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1294663                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318648                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2697                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23767                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        37920                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         17342                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1276                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398323                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131776                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69959                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11766                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296619                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             181582                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         183747                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            69662                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.489256                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1294729                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1294663                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          744437                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2007464                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.488518                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205162                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21534                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1819577     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242163     10.49%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91855      3.98%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43507      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36436      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21339      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19047      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8289      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26499      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       969632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1193130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               176705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              108007                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           172092                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1074948                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        24564                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        26499                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3680505                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2834544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 31287                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                303555                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            969632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1193130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       969632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.733188                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.733188                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.365873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.365873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5833987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1805465                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1299204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         194399                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159463                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20898                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79765                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19573                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1863794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1108812                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            194399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        93622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              242700                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         59648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       181231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          116352                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20640                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2326146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2083446     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          25781      1.11%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          30560      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          16344      0.70%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          18377      0.79%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          10976      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7149      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18744      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         114769      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2326146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.418390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1847806                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       197836                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          240409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        38017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        31287                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1351828                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2093                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        38017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1851267                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         19633                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       169164                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          239064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8998                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1349980                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1879282                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6282846                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6282846                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1576886                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         302369                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           25368                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       129142                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        69454                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14636                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1346280                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1264299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1636                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2326146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1792313     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215293      9.26%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115338      4.96%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80493      3.46%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69266      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34851      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8782      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5640      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4170      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2326146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     41.59%     53.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1276     46.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1059382     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19589      1.55%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116423      9.21%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68752      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1264299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477060                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2758                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4859135                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1529359                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1241607                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1267057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3276                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24542                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        38017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         15204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1223                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1346646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129142                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69454                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          810                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        23617                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1244027                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             178204                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         173638                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            68717                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.469411                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1241711                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1241607                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          739521                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1935538                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.468498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382075                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       926075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210458                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        20827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2288129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823131     79.68%     79.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216095      9.44%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90537      3.96%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54103      2.36%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37345      1.63%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24176      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12737      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10006      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19999      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2288129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       926075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1136194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               172274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              104600                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           162623                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1024280                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        23100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        19999                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3614769                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2731342                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 30642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                324041                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            926075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1136194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       926075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.861741                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.861741                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.349438                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.349438                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5611185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1726508                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1261197                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2650158                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         193883                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158898                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20870                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79712                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73976                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19542                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1858511                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1106246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            193883                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        93518                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              242015                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         59776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       188881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          116131                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20630                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2327953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.919510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2085938     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          25648      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          30289      1.30%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          16391      0.70%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          18246      0.78%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11002      0.47%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7206      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          18879      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         114354      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2327953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073159                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.417426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1842392                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       205617                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          239736                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2063                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        38142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31335                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1348857                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        38142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1845821                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         18338                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       178243                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          238379                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         9027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1347036                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1874204                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6268310                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6268310                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1570229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         303866                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           25313                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       129076                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        69387                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1731                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        14762                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1343220                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          355                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1261281                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184084                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       427678                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2327953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1795762     77.14%     77.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214465      9.21%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114893      4.94%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80112      3.44%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69347      2.98%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34874      1.50%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8713      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5638      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4149      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2327953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           339     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1162     42.53%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1231     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056355     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19547      1.55%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116579      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68648      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1261281                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.475927                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2732                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4854925                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1527702                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1238287                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1264013                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3254                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24851                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1960                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           44                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        38142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         14083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1191                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1343582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129076                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69387                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          787                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11436                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12144                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        23580                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1241039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109476                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             178085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         173069                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            68609                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.468289                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1238385                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1238287                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          737134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1928738                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.467250                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382185                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       922159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211970                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20800                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2289811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1826764     79.78%     79.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215233      9.40%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90106      3.94%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53938      2.36%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37093      1.62%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24097      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12643      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9962      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19975      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2289811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       922159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1131508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               171593                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              104194                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           161967                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1020082                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23024                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        19975                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3613301                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2725228                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 30612                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                322205                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            922159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1131508                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       922159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.873862                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.873862                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.347964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.347964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5596969                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1721193                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1258274                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         185892                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166055                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16337                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123295                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         120017                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10614                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          513                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1960245                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1059131                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            185892                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       130631                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              234623                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         53933                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        63985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          119974                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15833                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2296367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.515402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.756525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2061744     89.78%     89.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          35990      1.57%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          17665      0.77%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          35389      1.54%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          10291      0.45%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          33022      1.44%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           4929      0.21%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8480      0.37%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          88857      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2296367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070143                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.399644                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1947381                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        77582                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          233982                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        37159                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17048                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1179036                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        37159                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1949216                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         54339                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        18089                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          232225                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         5333                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1176581                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         3811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1537641                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5325136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5325136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1214366                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         323270                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           14366                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       217290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        32863                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          289                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1168928                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1083036                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          997                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232756                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495236                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2296367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.086488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1824918     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143255      6.24%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161184      7.02%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92311      4.02%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48003      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12640      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13416      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          348      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          292      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2296367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1835     57.89%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          727     22.93%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          608     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845918     78.11%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8088      0.75%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196512     18.14%     97.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32444      3.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1083036                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.408664                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3170                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4466606                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1401842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052906                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1086206                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          886                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1253                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        37159                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         49209                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1169076                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32863                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          374                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10001                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7203                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        17204                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1068306                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193392                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             225828                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         162308                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            32436                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.403106                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1053377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1052906                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          637892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1372334                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.397295                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.464823                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       833883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       934008                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235115                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16057                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2259208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.280106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1913525     84.70%     84.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134300      5.94%     90.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87339      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27444      1.21%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46956      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8661      0.38%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5638      0.25%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5019      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30326      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2259208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       833883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       934008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               201089                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              169479                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           143665                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          814996                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        11285                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        30326                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3398005                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2375425                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 45622                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                353820                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            833883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              934008                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       833883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.178128                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.178128                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314651                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314651                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4970845                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1368421                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1257218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         204291                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21467                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82744                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78459                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1956773                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1145084                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            204291                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        99177                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              237995                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         59840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       112001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          121177                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21312                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2344891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2106896     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11098      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17383      0.74%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          23306      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          24327      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          20623      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          11140      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          17169      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         112949      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2344891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077086                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432077                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1936567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       132626                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          237359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        37955                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        33325                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1403809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        37955                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1942326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         21956                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        98132                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          231968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        12552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1402043                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1958341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6520232                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6520232                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1663944                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         294397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           39484                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       131846                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        69988                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15630                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316903                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426004                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2344891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1789490     76.31%     76.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227256      9.69%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115429      4.92%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87983      3.75%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68774      2.93%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27748      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17797      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9090      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2344891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108237     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19664      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119134      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69705      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316903                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.496909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4981306                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1573112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1295247                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23794                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        37955                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         18897                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1281                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131846                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69988                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12621                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297202                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111971                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             181662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         183811                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            69691                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.489476                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1295311                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1295247                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          744795                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2008367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.488738                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       970046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205386                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1817611     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242254     10.50%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91883      3.98%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43525      1.89%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36442      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21354      0.93%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19065      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8295      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26507      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       970046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1193644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               176782                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              108052                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           172152                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1075425                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        24577                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3679459                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2836019                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 31305                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                305296                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            970046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1193644                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       970046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.732022                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.732022                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.366029                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.366029                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5836650                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1806309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1299847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2650179                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         232229                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193531                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22733                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87914                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82566                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24443                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1012                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2005385                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1273255                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            232229                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       107009                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              264190                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         64331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       156485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           97                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          126155                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.004485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2204131     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          15853      0.64%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20093      0.81%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          32096      1.30%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          13475      0.55%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          17394      0.70%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          20024      0.81%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9444      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         135811      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2468321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.087628                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.480441                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1994404                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       169780                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          262791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        41170                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        35002                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1555064                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        41170                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1997026                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          6122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       157423                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          260323                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6256                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1544204                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2156974                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7176099                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7176099                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1769535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         387439                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          373                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          197                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           23467                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       145987                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        74666                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        16597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1505504                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203486                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1863109     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274661     11.13%     86.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112781      4.57%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63771      2.58%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85735      3.47%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27165      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26288      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13670      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10031     78.91%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1395     10.97%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1207283     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19464      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131628      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74297      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432847                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.540660                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12712                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5348542                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709384                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393233                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1445559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30858                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        41170                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          4610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1505879                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145987                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74666                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12673                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        26060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406202                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128984                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             203248                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         198346                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            74264                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.530606                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1393273                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1393233                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          834978                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2242920                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.525713                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372273                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1268800                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22709                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1889918     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272536     11.23%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98704      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49198      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44860      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19035      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18800      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8953      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25147      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1029516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1268800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               188277                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              115129                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           183952                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1142310                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        26218                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        25147                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3907881                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3052955                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 32180                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                181858                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1029516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1268800                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1029516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.574199                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.574199                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.388470                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.388470                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6325266                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1948710                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1436679                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         181129                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11333                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        69714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62860                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9808                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          515                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1901002                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1133687                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            181129                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        72668                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              223592                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         36222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       249579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          110861                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11205                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2398808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.555117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.862278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2175216     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           7729      0.32%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          16720      0.70%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           6904      0.29%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          36046      1.50%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          32634      1.36%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6334      0.26%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          13420      0.56%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         103805      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2398808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.427776                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1880916                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       270068                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          222592                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        24453                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        16116                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1328739                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        24453                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1884129                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        233248                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        26461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          220357                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        10152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1326891                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         4283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1009                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1568162                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6241548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6241548                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1349459                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         218703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           23722                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       308745                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       154907                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1373                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1322129                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1257462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1168                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       126187                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310988                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2398808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.311365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1945087     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139187      5.80%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112416      4.69%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        49229      2.05%     93.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60648      2.53%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56012      2.33%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32014      1.33%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2700      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1515      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2398808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3089     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23543     86.12%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          707      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793653     63.12%     63.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11015      0.88%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298607     23.75%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154112     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1257462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.474480                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27339                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4942239                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1448524                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1244722                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16021                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1803                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        24453                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        226515                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1322290                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308745                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154907                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1564                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7095                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        12907                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1247396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297570                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10066                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             451629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         163309                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           154059                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.470682                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1244830                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1244722                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          674240                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1335989                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.469673                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.504675                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000279                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175895                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       146559                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        11369                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2374355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1944541     81.90%     81.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159100      6.70%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        74042      3.12%     91.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72186      3.04%     94.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19911      0.84%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82191      3.46%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6436      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4646      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11302      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2374355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1000279                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1175895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               445828                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              292724                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           155407                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1045694                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        11302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3685507                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2669367                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 41999                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                251379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1000279                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1175895                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1000279                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.649448                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.649448                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.377437                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.377437                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6155893                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1452429                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1571295                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         204275                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21464                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82739                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78454                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20715                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1956543                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1144972                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            204275                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        99169                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              237972                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         59832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       118124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          121163                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2350756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2112784     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11098      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17382      0.74%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23303      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          24325      1.03%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          20622      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          11138      0.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17166      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         112938      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2350756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077079                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432034                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1936340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       138746                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          237336                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37950                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        33323                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1403664                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37950                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1942098                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         20390                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       105816                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          231946                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1401898                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1958137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6519544                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6519544                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1663786                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         294351                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           39481                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       131830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        69981                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        15627                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316770                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174058                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425929                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2350756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1795407     76.38%     76.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227235      9.67%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115422      4.91%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87973      3.74%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68766      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27745      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17797      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9087      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2350756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108131     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19660      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119118      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69698      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316770                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.496859                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4986905                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1572945                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1295120                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23790                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37950                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         17332                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1280                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398880                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69981                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11770                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12620                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24390                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111959                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19695                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             181643                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         183797                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            69684                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.489428                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1295184                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1295120                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          744721                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2008168                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.488690                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969955                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205359                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        21543                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2312806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823528     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242231     10.47%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91876      3.97%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43521      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36438      1.58%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21351      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19060      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8295      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26506      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2312806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       969955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1193526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               176763                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              108040                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           172139                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1075314                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        24574                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        26506                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3685185                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2835724                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 31301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                299431                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            969955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1193526                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       969955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.732278                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.732278                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.365995                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.365995                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5836067                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1806131                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1299719                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         185766                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165989                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16323                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123236                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119962                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1958579                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1058590                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            185766                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       130552                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              234477                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         53893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        60948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          119875                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15822                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2291492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2057015     89.77%     89.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          35974      1.57%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          17643      0.77%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          35379      1.54%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          10286      0.45%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          32996      1.44%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           4918      0.21%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8466      0.37%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          88815      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2291492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.070095                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.399440                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1945739                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        74518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          233841                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          253                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37135                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17006                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1178301                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37135                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1947581                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         51381                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        17985                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          232073                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         5331                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1175826                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1536758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5321718                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5321718                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1213628                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         323125                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           14352                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       217184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        32796                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          287                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7041                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1168155                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1082313                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          994                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494927                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2291492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1820370     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143111      6.25%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161125      7.03%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92238      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47975      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12626      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13411      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          346      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          290      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2291492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1836     58.06%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          722     22.83%     80.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          604     19.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845354     78.11%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8088      0.75%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196421     18.15%     97.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32377      2.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1082313                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.408391                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3162                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4460274                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1400925                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052206                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1085475                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          886                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47774                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37135                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         46256                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          670                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1168303                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32796                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9990                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7200                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1067590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193301                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             225670                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         162193                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            32369                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.402836                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1052672                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1052206                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          637567                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1371569                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.397031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.464845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       833423                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       933383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234966                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2254357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1908960     84.68%     84.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134135      5.95%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87311      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27415      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46921      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8649      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5631      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5014      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30321      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2254357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       833423                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       933383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               200954                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              169407                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           143563                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          814403                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11253                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        30321                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3392385                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2373854                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 45586                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                358695                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            833423                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              933383                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       833423                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.179882                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.179882                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.314477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.314477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        4967647                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1367614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1256527                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         186146                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166268                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16354                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123398                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         120120                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10638                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          513                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1962359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1060492                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            186146                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       130758                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              234933                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         53981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        62727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          120099                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15851                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2297564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.515875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2062631     89.77%     89.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          36025      1.57%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17700      0.77%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          35410      1.54%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          10330      0.45%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          33034      1.44%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           4937      0.21%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           8488      0.37%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          89009      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2297564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070239                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.400157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1949501                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        76317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          234293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        37190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        17089                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1180743                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        37190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1951342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         51541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        19623                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          232528                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         5334                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1178285                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1539970                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5333175                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5333175                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1216425                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         323534                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           14362                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       217478                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        32956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          289                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         7062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1170635                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1084658                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1002                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232952                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2297564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.086940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825365     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143609      6.25%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161314      7.02%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92440      4.02%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48093      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12660      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13444      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          347      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          292      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2297564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1840     57.95%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          727     22.90%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          608     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       847278     78.11%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8100      0.75%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196669     18.13%     97.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32537      3.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1084658                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.409276                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3175                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4471056                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1403745                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1054495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1087833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47844                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1253                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        37190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         46412                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1170783                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217478                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          374                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10004                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7215                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        17219                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1069887                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193540                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             226068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         162545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            32528                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.403702                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1054964                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1054495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          638836                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1375113                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.397895                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.464570                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       835098                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       935516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235311                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        16074                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.280598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1914050     84.68%     84.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134580      5.95%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87520      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27502      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47008      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8675      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5651      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5027      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30361      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       835098                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       935516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               201334                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              169631                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           143894                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          816333                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        11309                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        30361                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3400840                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2378867                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 45646                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                352623                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            835098                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              935516                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       835098                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.173504                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.173504                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.315109                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.315109                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        4977997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1370594                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1258780                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         152236                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       124181                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16633                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62082                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57569                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15024                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          712                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1475053                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts               900382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            152236                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        72593                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              184565                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         52368                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       182977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines           92608                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16588                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      1877739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1693174     90.17%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           9669      0.51%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          15372      0.82%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          22961      1.22%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4           9676      0.52%     93.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          11459      0.61%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          12176      0.65%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           8622      0.46%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          94630      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      1877739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.057443                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.339743                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1455744                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       202871                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          183077                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1186                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        34858                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        24659                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1092204                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        34858                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1459526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         59842                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       131696                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          180595                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        11219                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1089559                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5795                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          273                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1490586                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5078463                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5078463                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1217413                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         273166                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          248                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          137                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           33745                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       111063                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        60915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2991                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        11674                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1085314                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          247                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1007796                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1861                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174126                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       410257                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1877739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.536707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1447518     77.09%     77.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       175405      9.34%     86.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95824      5.10%     91.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63375      3.38%     94.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57795      3.08%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17796      0.95%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12619      0.67%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4512      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2895      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1877739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           294     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1022     41.63%     53.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1139     46.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       829860     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18461      1.83%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          111      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99973      9.92%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59391      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1007796                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.380274                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2455                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002436                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3897647                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1259751                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       988602                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1010251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4507                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24882                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4543                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          810                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        34858                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         49242                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1386                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1085561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       111063                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           52                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8883                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10324                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        19207                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts       992542                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94481                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15254                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             153734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         134323                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            59253                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.374518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent               988697                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count              988602                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          585497                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1486975                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.373031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.393750                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       729081                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       889328                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196974                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        16889                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1842880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.482575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1481674     80.40%     80.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       172458      9.36%     89.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71309      3.87%     93.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36398      1.98%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27247      1.48%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15591      0.85%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9768      0.53%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7973      0.43%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20462      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1842880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       729081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       889328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               142553                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads               86181                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           123519                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          804060                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        17360                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        20462                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            2908720                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2207489                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 26794                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                772448                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            729081                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              889328                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       729081                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.634969                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.634969                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.275105                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.275105                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        4504212                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1351920                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1033236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         232299                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193565                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87947                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82597                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24457                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1013                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2006208                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1273544                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            232299                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       107054                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              264261                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         64346                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       155482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           97                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          126205                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21647                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.004709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2203960     89.29%     89.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          15859      0.64%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20097      0.81%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          32109      1.30%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13478      0.55%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          17404      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          20030      0.81%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9456      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         135828      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2468221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.087654                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.480549                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1995228                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       168776                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          262862                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        41179                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        35026                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1555435                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        41179                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1997851                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles          6121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       156420                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          260393                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         6256                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1544572                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2157417                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7177730                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7177730                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1769925                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         387492                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           23463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       146029                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        74690                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16600                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1505867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433206                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203513                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429965                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1862842     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274734     11.13%     86.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112819      4.57%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63806      2.59%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85741      3.47%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27174      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26294      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13670      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10031     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1397     10.99%     89.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1207579     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19464      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131667      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74321      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433206                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.540794                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12714                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5349165                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709774                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1445920                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30871                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        41179                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          4608                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1506242                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146029                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74690                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12678                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        26066                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406555                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129020                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             203308                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         198412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            74288                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.530738                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1393619                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1393579                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          835151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2243316                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.525842                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372284                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029764                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1269114                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237139                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22715                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1889651     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272623     11.23%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98730      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49223      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44872      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19038      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18801      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8954      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25150      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1029764                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1269114                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               188326                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              115158                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           184011                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1142605                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        26235                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        25150                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3908132                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3053690                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32195                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                181966                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1029764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1269114                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1029764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.573587                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.573587                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.388563                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.388563                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6326802                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1949122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1437021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         185669                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123030                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119748                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10568                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          488                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1956291                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1057635                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            185669                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       130316                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              234078                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         54098                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        59035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          119764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15842                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2287070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2052992     89.77%     89.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          35737      1.56%     91.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17714      0.77%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          35264      1.54%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          10208      0.45%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          32908      1.44%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           4966      0.22%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8603      0.38%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          88678      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2287070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070059                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399079                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1943489                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        72552                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          233441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37318                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        16956                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1177360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1516                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37318                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1945309                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         43591                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        23837                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          231713                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         5296                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1174968                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1535618                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5317821                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5317821                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1211426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         324111                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           14279                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       217338                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        32657                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          266                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         6942                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1167377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1080814                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233179                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498854                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2287070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1816726     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142918      6.25%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160699      7.03%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92190      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47834      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12543      0.55%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13533      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          337      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          290      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2287070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1866     58.11%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          736     22.92%     81.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844104     78.10%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8035      0.74%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196372     18.17%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32230      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1080814                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.407826                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3211                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002971                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4453031                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1400714                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1050549                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1084025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          912                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        48062                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1187                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37318                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         38554                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          637                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1167525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           54                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217338                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32657                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9987                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7266                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        17253                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1065945                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193161                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14866                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             225385                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         161904                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            32224                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.402215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1051048                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1050549                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          636600                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1370314                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.396406                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.464565                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       832151                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       931822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235701                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16076                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2249752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1904986     84.68%     84.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       133808      5.95%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87228      3.88%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27361      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46835      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8622      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5630      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5011      0.22%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30271      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2249752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       832151                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       931822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               200740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              169274                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           143346                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          812994                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        11221                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        30271                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3387004                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2372434                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 45632                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                363117                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            832151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              931822                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       832151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.184743                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.184743                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.313997                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.313997                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4960237                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1365636                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1255306                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          340                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         112041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        46.918342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.133603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.548625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1855.317773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.084741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.905917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 340                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      309804166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.466392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.077225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.077225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.618153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    60.442860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1944.938987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.029513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.949677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12211661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97180527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     109392188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12211661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97180527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      109392188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12211661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97180527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     109392188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 872261.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803144.851240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810312.503704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 872261.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803144.851240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810312.503704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 872261.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803144.851240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810312.503704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10982461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     86554187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97536648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10982461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     86554187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97536648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10982461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     86554187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97536648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 784461.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715323.859504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722493.688889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 784461.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715323.859504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722493.688889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 784461.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715323.859504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722493.688889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.027125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.027125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    21.208307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    32.176736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1951.614957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.010356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.015711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.952937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    113807025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     66292888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     180099913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    113807025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     66292888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      180099913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    113807025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     66292888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     180099913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 4064536.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 933702.647887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1819191.040404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 4064536.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 933702.647887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1819191.040404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 4064536.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 933702.647887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1819191.040404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111348625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     60059088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171407713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111348625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     60059088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171407713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111348625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     60059088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171407713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3976736.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845902.647887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731391.040404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3976736.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845902.647887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731391.040404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3976736.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845902.647887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731391.040404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.087916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         115814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        53.052680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.087916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.623151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    60.563141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1944.813707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.029572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.949616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12777739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96413273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     109191012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12777739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96413273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      109191012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12777739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96413273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     109191012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 912695.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 796803.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 808822.311111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 912695.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 796803.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 808822.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 912695.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 796803.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 808822.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11548539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     85787193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97335732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11548539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     85787193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97335732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11548539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     85787193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97335732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 824895.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 708985.066116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721005.422222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 824895.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 708985.066116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721005.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 824895.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 708985.066116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721005.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          198                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2046.790245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         132715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        59.089492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.174885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.577402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    84.787917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1863.250041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.041400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.909790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   380                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 197                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53972224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174084056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     228056280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53972224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174084056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      228056280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53972224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174084056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     228056280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.341421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.341421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2248842.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006266.219653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1157646.091371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2248842.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006266.219653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1157646.091371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2248842.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006266.219653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1157646.091371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                118                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     118                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51865024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158891218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210756242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51865024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158891218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210756242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51865024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158891218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210756242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2161042.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918446.346821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069828.639594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2161042.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918446.346821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069828.639594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2161042.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918446.346821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069828.639594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          196                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2046.786579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         132716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        59.142602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.183842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.574398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    84.590589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1863.437750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.041304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.909882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          380                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 196                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47761692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    174632893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     222394585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47761692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    174632893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      222394585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47761692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    174632893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     222394585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.313297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.341463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1990070.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1015307.517442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1134666.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1990070.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1015307.517442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1134666.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1990070.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1015307.517442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1134666.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                116                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     116                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     45654492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    159619093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205273585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     45654492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    159619093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205273585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     45654492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    159619093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205273585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.313297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1902270.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 928017.982558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1047314.209184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1902270.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 928017.982558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1047314.209184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1902270.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 928017.982558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1047314.209184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          47127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        21.276298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.054583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    84.590762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1917.354655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.041304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.936208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9214975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123572129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     132787104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9214975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123572129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      132787104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9214975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123572129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     132787104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.376975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 708844.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 802416.422078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 795132.359281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 708844.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 802416.422078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 795132.359281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 708844.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 802416.422078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 795132.359281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8072246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    110048917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118121163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8072246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    110048917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118121163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8072246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    110048917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118121163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       620942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 714603.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707312.353293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       620942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 714603.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707312.353293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       620942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 714603.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707312.353293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.086181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.086181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.619917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    60.507196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1944.872888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.029545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.949645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16959501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99925931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     116885432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16959501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99925931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      116885432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16959501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99925931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     116885432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1211392.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 825834.140496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865818.014815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1211392.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 825834.140496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865818.014815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1211392.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 825834.140496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865818.014815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15729317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89298453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105027770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15729317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89298453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105027770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15729317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89298453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105027770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1123522.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 738003.743802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777983.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1123522.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 738003.743802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777983.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1123522.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 738003.743802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777983.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.078762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.078762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.192823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    32.130051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1951.677127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.010348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.015689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.952967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98601172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     65964922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     164566094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98601172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     65964922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      164566094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98601172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     65964922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     164566094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3521470.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 929083.408451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1662283.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3521470.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 929083.408451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1662283.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3521470.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 929083.408451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1662283.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96142672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     59730806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155873478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96142672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     59730806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155873478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96142672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     59730806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155873478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3433666.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841278.957746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1574479.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3433666.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841278.957746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1574479.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3433666.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841278.957746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1574479.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          340                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         112040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        46.917923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.141095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   173.597638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1855.261267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.084764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.905889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            117                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 117                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   389                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 340                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13013348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    298674350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     311687698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13013348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    298674350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      311687698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13013348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    298674350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     311687698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          117                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             117                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.466392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 929524.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916178.987730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916728.523529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 929524.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916178.987730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 916728.523529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 929524.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916178.987730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 916728.523529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11778148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    269926589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281704737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11778148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    269926589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    281704737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11778148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    269926589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    281704737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 841296.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 827995.671779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828543.344118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 841296.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 827995.671779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828543.344118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 841296.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 827995.671779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828543.344118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.085762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.085762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.619125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    60.516506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1944.864369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.029549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.949641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17372411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     99554281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     116926692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17372411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     99554281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      116926692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17372411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     99554281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     116926692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1240886.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 822762.652893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866123.644444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1240886.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 822762.652893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866123.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1240886.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 822762.652893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866123.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     16143211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88930481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105073692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     16143211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88930481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105073692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     16143211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88930481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105073692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1153086.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 734962.652893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778323.644444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1153086.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 734962.652893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778323.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1153086.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 734962.652893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778323.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          47127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        21.276298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.062182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    84.673849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1917.263968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.005890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.041345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.936164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9163281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    126837495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     136000776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9163281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    126837495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      136000776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9163281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    126837495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     136000776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.376975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 704867.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 823620.097403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814375.904192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 704867.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 823620.097403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814375.904192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 704867.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 823620.097403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814375.904192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8021562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    113313852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121335414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8021562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    113313852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121335414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8021562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    113313852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121335414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 617043.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735804.233766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726559.365269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 617043.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735804.233766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726559.365269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 617043.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735804.233766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726559.365269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          47127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        21.276298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.053614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    84.749097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1917.197289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.041381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.936131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9243115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123846995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     133090110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9243115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123846995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      133090110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9243115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123846995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     133090110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.376975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 711008.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804201.266234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 796946.766467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 711008.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804201.266234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 796946.766467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 711008.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804201.266234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 796946.766467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8101375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110323329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118424704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8101375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110323329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118424704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8101375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110323329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118424704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 623182.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 716385.253247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709129.964072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 623182.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 716385.253247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709129.964072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 623182.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 716385.253247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709129.964072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          513                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2043.580502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          86013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        33.638248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.773335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.213153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   222.614102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1686.979912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.108698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.823721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.997842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            365                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 365                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          321                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   321                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 507                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8006753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    443169520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     451176273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35296729                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35296729                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8006753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    478466249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      486473002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8006753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    478466249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     486473002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          365                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             365                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.584735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.591603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.606135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.612319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.606135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.612319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 615904.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 980463.539823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 970271.554839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 840398.309524                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840398.309524                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 615904.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 968555.159919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959512.824458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 615904.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 968555.159919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959512.824458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                271                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     271                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6864835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    403475784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    410340619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31608557                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31608557                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6864835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    435084341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    441949176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6864835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    435084341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    441949176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.584735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.591603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.606135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.606135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 528064.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 892645.539823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882452.944086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 752584.690476                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752584.690476                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 528064.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 880737.532389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871694.627219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 528064.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 880737.532389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871694.627219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.077011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.077011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.214909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    32.183482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1951.601609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.015715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.952930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     99685212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64219269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163904481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     99685212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64219269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      163904481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     99685212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64219269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     163904481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3560186.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 904496.746479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1655600.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3560186.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 904496.746479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1655600.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3560186.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 904496.746479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1655600.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97226352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     57982989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155209341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97226352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     57982989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155209341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97226352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     57982989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155209341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3472369.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 816661.816901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1567771.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3472369.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 816661.816901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1567771.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3472369.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 816661.816901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1567771.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          47125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        21.275395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.081666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    83.511064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1918.407271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.005899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.040777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.936722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          274                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   274                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10158611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    127815290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     137973901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10158611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    127815290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      137973901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10158611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    127815290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     137973901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.378685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.378685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.378685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 781431.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 829969.415584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826191.023952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 781431.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 829969.415584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826191.023952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 781431.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 829969.415584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826191.023952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9017188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    114286179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123303367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9017188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    114286179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123303367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9017188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    114286179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123303367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 693629.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 742118.045455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738343.514970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 693629.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 742118.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738343.514970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 693629.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 742118.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738343.514970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.132490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.991023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.132490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             289630.529351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.466915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.533085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.392449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.607551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              488.617039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              731814853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1496553.891616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.617039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         121187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        121187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13628733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13628733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13628733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13628733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13628733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13628733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       121206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       121206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 717301.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 717301.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 717301.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 717301.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 717301.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 717301.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12330132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12330132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12330132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12330132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12330132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12330132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 880723.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880723.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 880723.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880723.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 880723.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880723.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              110541891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             169283.140888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   144.348222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   111.651778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.563860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.436140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        81987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        68434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       150421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         150421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       150421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        150421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    435461010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    435461010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    435461010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    435461010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    435461010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    435461010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        83300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        68434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       151734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       151734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 331653.472963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331653.472963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 331653.472963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331653.472963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 331653.472963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331653.472963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    116032776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116032776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    116032776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116032776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    116032776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116032776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292273.994962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292273.994962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292273.994962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292273.994962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292273.994962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292273.994962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              477.409149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              735286823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1516055.305155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.409149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.035912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         125982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        125982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    166750452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166750452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    166750452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166750452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    166750452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166750452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       126024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       126024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3970248.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3970248.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3970248.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3970248.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3970248.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3970248.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2912139                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 485356.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    114168825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114168825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    114168825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114168825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    114168825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114168825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3805627.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3805627.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3805627.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3805627.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3805627.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3805627.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              106637679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             173677.001629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   131.526886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   124.473114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.513777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.486223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        98886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        72709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       171595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         171595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       171595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        171595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    200512333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    200512333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       542742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    201055075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    201055075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    201055075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    201055075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        99810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        72716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       172526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       172526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 217004.689394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 217004.689394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77534.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77534.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 215956.041890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 215956.041890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 215956.041890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 215956.041890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85324503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85324503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       133371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85457874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85457874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85457874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85457874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239675.570225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239675.570225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66685.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66685.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 238709.145251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238709.145251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 238709.145251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238709.145251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              488.622037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              731814770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1496553.721881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.622037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         121104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        121104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15206508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15206508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15206508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15206508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15206508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15206508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       121123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       121123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 800342.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800342.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 800342.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 800342.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 800342.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 800342.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12896834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12896834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12896834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12896834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12896834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12896834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 921202.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921202.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 921202.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921202.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 921202.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921202.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              110541796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             169542.631902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   144.749634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   111.250366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.565428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.434572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        68389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       150326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         150326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       150326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        150326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    429696885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    429696885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    429696885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    429696885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    429696885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    429696885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        83249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        68389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       151638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       151638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 327512.869665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 327512.869665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 327512.869665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327512.869665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 327512.869665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327512.869665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    115209223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115209223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    115209223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115209223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    115209223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115209223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290199.554156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290199.554156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290199.554156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290199.554156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290199.554156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290199.554156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              501.077088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              732331462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1444440.753452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.077088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.030572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         116313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        116313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96481118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96481118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96481118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96481118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96481118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96481118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       116352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       116352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473874.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2473874.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473874.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2473874.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473874.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2473874.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54237434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54237434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54237434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54237434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54237434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54237434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2169497.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2169497.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2169497.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2169497.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2169497.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2169497.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  552                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              115433522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             142863.269802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   161.354754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    94.645246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.630292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.369708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        79860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        67273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         147133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        147133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    743685229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    743685229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16762216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     16762216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    760447445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    760447445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    760447445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    760447445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        67336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       149013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       149013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000936                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000936                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 409292.916346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 409292.916346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 266066.920635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 266066.920635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 404493.321809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 404493.321809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 404493.321809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 404493.321809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       159210                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       159210                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200248854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200248854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200441154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200441154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200441154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200441154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 364752.010929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364752.010929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 363118.032609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 363118.032609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 363118.032609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 363118.032609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              501.073477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              732331241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1444440.317554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.073477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.030566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         116092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        116092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82069596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82069596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82069596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82069596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82069596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82069596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       116131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       116131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2104348.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2104348.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2104348.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2104348.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2104348.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2104348.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48026482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48026482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48026482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48026482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48026482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48026482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1921059.280000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921059.280000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1921059.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921059.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1921059.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921059.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              115433334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             143040.066914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   161.103623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    94.896377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.629311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.370689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        79945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        67003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       146948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         146948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       146948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        146948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    756744682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    756744682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34085895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34085895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    790830577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    790830577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    790830577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    790830577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        81763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        67066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       148829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       148829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 416251.200220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416251.200220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 541045.952381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 541045.952381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 420430.928761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 420430.928761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 420430.928761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 420430.928761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       527099                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       527099                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    200858482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200858482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    201050782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    201050782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    201050782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    201050782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 365862.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 365862.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 364222.431159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364222.431159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 364222.431159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364222.431159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              538.053549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              627186502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1163611.320965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.053549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       119961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       119961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         119961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       119961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        119961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9460015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9460015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9460015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9460015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9460015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9460015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       119974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       119974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       119974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       119974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       119974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 727693.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 727693.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 727693.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 727693.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 727693.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 727693.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9323515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9323515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9323515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9323515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9323515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9323515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 717193.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717193.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 717193.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717193.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 717193.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717193.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              147689599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             215290.960641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   138.097487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   117.902513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.539443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.460557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       177738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       209201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         209201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       209201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        209201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    660831109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    660831109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    660831109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    660831109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    660831109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    660831109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       179238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        31463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       210701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       210701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.007119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.007119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440554.072667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440554.072667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440554.072667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440554.072667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440554.072667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440554.072667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    142946833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142946833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    142946833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142946833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    142946833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142946833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 332434.495349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332434.495349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 332434.495349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332434.495349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 332434.495349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332434.495349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              488.618803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              731814827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1496553.838446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.618803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         121161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        121161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19050029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19050029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19050029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19050029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19050029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19050029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       121177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       121177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1190626.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1190626.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1190626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1190626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1190626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1190626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17075701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17075701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17075701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17075701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17075701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17075701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1219692.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1219692.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1219692.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1219692.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1219692.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1219692.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              110541865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             169283.101072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   144.666012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   111.333988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.565102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.434898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        81974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        68421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       150395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         150395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       150395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        150395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    460857453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    460857453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    460857453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    460857453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    460857453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    460857453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        83287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        68421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       151708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       151708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 350995.775324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 350995.775324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 350995.775324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 350995.775324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 350995.775324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 350995.775324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118786249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118786249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118786249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118786249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118786249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118786249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299209.695214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299209.695214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299209.695214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299209.695214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299209.695214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299209.695214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              477.390678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              735286953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1516055.573196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.390678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.035882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       126112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       126112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         126112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       126112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        126112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    144951300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144951300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    144951300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144951300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    144951300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144951300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       126153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       126153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       126153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       126153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       126153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3535397.560976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3535397.560976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3535397.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3535397.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3535397.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3535397.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2252141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 450428.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98962908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98962908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98962908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98962908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98962908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98962908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3298763.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3298763.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3298763.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3298763.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3298763.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3298763.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              106637849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             173677.278502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   131.376931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   124.623069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.513191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.486809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        98985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        72780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       171765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         171765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       171765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        171765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199040917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    199040917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       542294                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542294                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199583211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    199583211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199583211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    199583211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        99909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       172696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       172696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 215412.247835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215412.247835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 77470.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77470.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 214375.092374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 214375.092374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 214375.092374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 214375.092374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     84997199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84997199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       133307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     85130506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85130506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     85130506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85130506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 238756.176966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238756.176966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66653.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66653.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 237794.709497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237794.709497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 237794.709497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237794.709497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              556.139977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750118676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1346712.165171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.139977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       110844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       110844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         110844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       110844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        110844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     16955626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16955626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     16955626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16955626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     16955626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16955626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       110861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       110861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       110861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       110861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       110861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 997389.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 997389.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 997389.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 997389.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 997389.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 997389.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13130638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13130638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13130638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13130638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13130638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13130638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 937902.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937902.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 937902.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937902.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 937902.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937902.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              281231296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             289630.582904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   100.609778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   155.390222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.393007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.606993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       280582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       433536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         433536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       433536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        433536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1284502440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1284502440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1284502440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1284502440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1284502440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1284502440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       283262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       152954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       436216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       436216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 479291.955224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 479291.955224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 479291.955224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 479291.955224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 479291.955224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 479291.955224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1965                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1965                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    327841741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327841741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    327841741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    327841741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    327841741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    327841741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458519.917483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458519.917483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458519.917483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458519.917483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458519.917483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458519.917483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              488.618011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              731814813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1496553.809816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.618011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         121147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        121147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18940569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18940569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18940569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18940569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18940569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18940569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       121163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       121163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1183785.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1183785.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1183785.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1183785.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1183785.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1183785.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17491533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17491533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17491533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17491533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17491533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17491533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1249395.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1249395.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1249395.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1249395.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1249395.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1249395.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              110541849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             169283.076570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   144.645043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   111.354957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.565020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.434980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        81965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        68414                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68414                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       150379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         150379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       150379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        150379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    430544709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    430544709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    430544709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    430544709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    430544709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    430544709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        68414                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68414                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       151692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       151692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 327909.146230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 327909.146230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 327909.146230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327909.146230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 327909.146230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327909.146230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    118407291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118407291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    118407291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118407291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    118407291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118407291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 298255.141058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298255.141058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 298255.141058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298255.141058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 298255.141058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298255.141058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              538.061149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              627186403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1163611.137291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.061149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.019329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         119862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        119862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9407687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9407687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9407687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9407687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9407687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9407687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       119875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       119875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 723668.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 723668.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 723668.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 723668.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 723668.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 723668.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9271187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9271187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9271187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9271187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9271187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9271187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 713168.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713168.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 713168.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713168.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 713168.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713168.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              147689445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             215290.736152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   138.081131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   117.918869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.539379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.460621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       177647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         209047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        209047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    668217618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    668217618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    668217618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    668217618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    668217618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    668217618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       179147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        31400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       210547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       210547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.007124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.007124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 445478.412000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445478.412000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 445478.412000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445478.412000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 445478.412000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445478.412000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    146211315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146211315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    146211315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146211315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    146211315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146211315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340026.313953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340026.313953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340026.313953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340026.313953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340026.313953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340026.313953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              538.052581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              627186627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1163611.552876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.052581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         120086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        120086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9487515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9487515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9487515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9487515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9487515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9487515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       120099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       120099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 729808.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 729808.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 729808.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 729808.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 729808.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 729808.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9351015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9351015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9351015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9351015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9351015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9351015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 719308.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719308.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 719308.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719308.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 719308.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719308.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              147689791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             215291.240525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   138.142621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   117.857379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.539620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.460380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       177838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       209393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         209393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       209393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        209393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    658544323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    658544323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    658544323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    658544323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    658544323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    658544323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       179339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        31555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       210894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       210894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.007117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.007117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 438737.057295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438737.057295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 438737.057295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438737.057295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 438737.057295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438737.057295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1071                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    143221495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143221495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    143221495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143221495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    143221495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143221495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 333073.244186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333073.244186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 333073.244186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333073.244186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 333073.244186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333073.244186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              501.594393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              735383577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1464907.523904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.594393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.020183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        92590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         92590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        92590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total          92590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        92590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total         92590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9563959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9563959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9563959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9563959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9563959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9563959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        92608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        92608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total        92608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        92608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total        92608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 531331.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 531331.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 531331.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 531331.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 531331.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 531331.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8115161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8115161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8115161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8115161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8115161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8115161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 624243.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 624243.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 624243.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 624243.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 624243.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 624243.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  815                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              122565291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             114440.047619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   182.299738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    73.700262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.712108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.287892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        69534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        55748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       125282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         125282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       125282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        125282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1185420438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1185420438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    298535834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    298535834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1483956272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1483956272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1483956272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1483956272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       127537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       127537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       127537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       127537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.026966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 615163.693825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 615163.693825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 910170.225610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 910170.225610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 658073.734812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 658073.734812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 658073.734812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 658073.734812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    468433154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    468433154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35645329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35645329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    504078483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    504078483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    504078483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    504078483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000749                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000749                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 605993.730918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 605993.730918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 848698.309524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848698.309524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 618501.206135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 618501.206135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 618501.206135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 618501.206135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              477.415792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              735287003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1516055.676289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.415792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.035923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       126162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       126162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         126162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       126162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        126162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    146983454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146983454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    146983454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146983454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    146983454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146983454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       126203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       126203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       126203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       126203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       126203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3584962.292683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3584962.292683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3584962.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3584962.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3584962.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3584962.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2267910                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       453582                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100046952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100046952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100046952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100046952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    100046952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100046952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3334898.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3334898.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3334898.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3334898.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3334898.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3334898.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              106637905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             173677.369707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   131.521035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   124.478965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.513754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.486246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        99021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        72800                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72800                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       171821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         171821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       171821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        171821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    196391480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196391480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       542322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    196933802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    196933802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    196933802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    196933802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        99945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       172752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       172752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 212544.891775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212544.891775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 77474.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77474.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 211529.325456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 211529.325456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 211529.325456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 211529.325456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     83251700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83251700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       133311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     83385011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83385011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     83385011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83385011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 233853.089888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233853.089888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66655.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66655.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 232919.025140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232919.025140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 232919.025140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232919.025140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              538.080633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              627186292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1163610.931354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.080633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         119751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        119751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10403695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10403695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10403695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10403695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10403695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10403695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       119764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       119764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 800284.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800284.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 800284.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 800284.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 800284.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 800284.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10267195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10267195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10267195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10267195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10267195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10267195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 789784.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789784.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 789784.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789784.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 789784.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789784.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  428                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              147689216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             215919.906433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   136.954255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   119.045745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.534978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.465022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       177499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       208818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         208818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       208818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        208818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    655280599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    655280599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    655280599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    655280599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    655280599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    655280599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       178979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       178979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        31319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       210298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       210298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442757.161486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442757.161486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442757.161486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442757.161486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442757.161486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442757.161486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    147060713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147060713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    147060713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147060713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    147060713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147060713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343599.796729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343599.796729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343599.796729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343599.796729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343599.796729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343599.796729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
