
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1500732543                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               399084455688                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 369615                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   486577                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  47792                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67762112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31401.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11606376318                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15279099906                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        87936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        21120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        62208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        21120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               597120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       215552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            215552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     58595384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     41622340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2302875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     14073127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     41451757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2302875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     14073127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20214128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               397885688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2302875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2302875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           28999171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         143631189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              143631189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         143631189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     58595384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     41622340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2302875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     14073127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     41451757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2302875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     14073127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20214128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              541516877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1221415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       243732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2288185     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13146      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20954      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31618      1.25%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13231      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15820      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16415      0.65%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11480      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128067      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.057495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.339388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1972620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       270816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1481465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1977637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        103689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       148065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        18901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1478590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         3028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         3288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         8214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2021451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6890679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6890679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         352453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       150284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        17020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950918     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240447      9.47%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131647      5.19%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85666      3.37%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78531      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24289      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17251      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6179      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3988      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           388     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     41.32%     53.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1526     46.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132140     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25260      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136331      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81087      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.382055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5294775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6426                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         88964                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1474296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183828                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.376562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2028131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.375129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.393866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998629     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236622      9.49%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97556      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50278      2.02%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37111      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21309      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12988      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10843      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28493      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3940638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2995720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1059964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.598873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.598873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.277865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.277865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6150599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1402976                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3598625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         207054                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86736                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79278                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          952                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2013977                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1225005                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            207054                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        99942                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              251730                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         67742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       213703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          125510                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21763                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2524610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2272880     90.03%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          13281      0.53%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          21296      0.84%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          31928      1.26%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13193      0.52%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          15779      0.63%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          16051      0.64%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          11562      0.46%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         128640      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2524610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.057537                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.340409                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1987442                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       240932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          249911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1455                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        33563                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          332                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1485701                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1992511                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        104961                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       119626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          246431                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        16200                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1482503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1591                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2027590                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6910562                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6910562                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1679435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         347946                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          321                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           45678                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       150190                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        83551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4325                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1477552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          320                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1382176                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220197                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       507015                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2524610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1934306     76.62%     76.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240205      9.51%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132728      5.26%     91.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86669      3.43%     94.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78718      3.12%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24327      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17573      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6109      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3975      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2524610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           376     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1309     40.56%     52.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1542     47.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1137711     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25428      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137017      9.91%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81867      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1382176                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.384084                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3227                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002335                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5294475                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357211                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1385403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6534                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31266                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5718                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1144                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         89486                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1882                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1477872                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           81                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150190                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          168                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13221                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        25178                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362290                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129820                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             211540                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         184669                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            81720                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.378558                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1357302                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1357211                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          803506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2036859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.377147                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394483                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1006395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251763                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22158                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2479741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1982199     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236959      9.56%     89.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98307      3.96%     93.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50512      2.04%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37590      1.52%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21526      0.87%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13013      0.52%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11147      0.45%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28488      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2479741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1006395                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1227110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               196734                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              118909                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           170383                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1109435                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        23922                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        28488                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3930126                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3002821                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 35720                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1074015                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1006395                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1227110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1006395                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.575758                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.575758                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.279661                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.279661                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6184414                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1853924                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1408165                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         255638                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225054                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154440                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          754                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2627090                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1447829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            255638                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       171095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              320411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         73870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        95935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          161253                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      3094375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.789804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2773964     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          45584      1.47%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          26382      0.85%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          44839      1.45%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          16694      0.54%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          41197      1.33%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7272      0.24%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          12505      0.40%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         125938      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      3094375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.071033                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.402300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2606223                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       117745                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          319517                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          422                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        50465                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        26706                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1638831                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        50465                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2609004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         68259                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        41284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          316850                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8510                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1635373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         6010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2165465                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7442138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7442138                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1718554                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         446901                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           22746                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       277012                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        51794                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          569                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        11610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1623890                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1507082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1571                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       668344                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3094375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2437484     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215199      6.95%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207585      6.71%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123879      4.00%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69599      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18450      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21245      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          512      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          422      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3094375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2891     58.26%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     23.12%     81.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          924     18.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1193198     79.17%     79.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12850      0.85%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249772     16.57%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51146      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1507082                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.418764                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4962                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6115070                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1939800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465547                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1512044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61400                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        50465                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         60064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1118                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1624137                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277012                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51794                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1484362                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245185                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             296306                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         223249                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            51121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.412451                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1466209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1465547                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          883252                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2001579                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.407223                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.441278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1145725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1305047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       319145                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22442                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3043910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2549526     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199989      6.57%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122168      4.01%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39962      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62853      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13465      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8818      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7841      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39288      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3043910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1145725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1305047                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               265610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              215610                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           198725                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1145163                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        17756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        39288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4628801                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3298890                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 59678                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                504505                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1145725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1305047                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1145725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.141138                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.141138                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.318356                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.318356                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6867904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1928792                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1706245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         278418                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       227722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28835                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       114171                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107534                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28091                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1287                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2670251                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1556541                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            278418                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       135625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              323354                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         79528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       157275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          164880                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28713                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      3201237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2877883     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          14923      0.47%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          23357      0.73%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          31703      0.99%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          33332      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          28026      0.88%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          15431      0.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          23945      0.75%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         152637      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      3201237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077362                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432507                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2642782                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       185284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          322516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        50122                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        45696                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1907772                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        50122                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2650528                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         29382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       138580                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          315348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        17272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1906170                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         7449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2660702                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      8862782                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      8862782                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      2277440                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         383247                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          458                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           53171                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       179067                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        95843                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1160                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        21670                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1902723                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1796950                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          473                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       227321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       550942                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3201237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2442042     76.28%     76.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310523      9.70%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158670      4.96%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       120204      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        94092      2.94%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37783      1.18%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23968      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12256      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1699      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3201237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           380     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1111     35.78%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1614     51.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1512160     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26714      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          224      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162461      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95391      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1796950                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.499308                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3105                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6798715                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2130519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1768711                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1800055                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3810                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31128                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1777                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        50122                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         25145                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1747                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1903190                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179067                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        95843                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1479                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16030                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        32677                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1771351                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153108                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             248471                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         251405                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            95363                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.492195                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1768785                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1768711                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         1016347                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2738966                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.491462                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371070                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1327454                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1633322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269860                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        28973                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3151115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2481279     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       331981     10.54%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125585      3.99%     93.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59444      1.89%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50222      1.59%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29091      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25633      0.81%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11342      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36538      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3151115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1327454                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1633322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               242003                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              147937                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           235533                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1471583                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        33619                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        36538                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            5017746                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3856504                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 42315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                397643                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1327454                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1633322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1327454                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.711115                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.711115                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.368852                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.368852                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7969664                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2465552                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1768227                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         316168                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30210                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120909                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113403                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33704                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2744436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1734044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            316168                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       147107                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              360549                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         84820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       201812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          171764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      3361125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        3000576     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          21892      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          27657      0.82%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          44092      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          18090      0.54%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          23860      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          27910      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          12922      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         184126      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      3361125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.087852                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.481829                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2728352                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       219637                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          358837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        54112                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        48029                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      2118797                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        54112                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2731553                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          7857                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       203714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          355811                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8074                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      2105208                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2941514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      9785537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      9785537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      2433972                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         507440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           29349                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       198234                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       102328                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        23113                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          2054107                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1961987                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552409                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3361125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530853     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377870     11.24%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155137      4.62%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86796      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117458      3.49%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36610      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35761      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19113      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1527      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3361125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13644     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652788     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26623      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180433      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101902      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1961987                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.545166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17260                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7304680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2320181                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908809                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1454                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40099                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        54112                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          5981                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198234                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102328                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17172                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17340                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        34512                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926460                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176935                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             278809                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         272000                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           101874                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.535294                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1908851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1908809                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         1143222                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         3071010                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.530390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1415996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309897                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        30262                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3307013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567752     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375151     11.34%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136002      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67627      2.04%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61853      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26142      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25622      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12156      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34708      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3307013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1415996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1744646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               258519                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              158126                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           252923                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1570669                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        36003                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        34708                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            5326835                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           4163282                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 42866                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                237755                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1415996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1744646                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1415996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.541589                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.541589                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393455                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393455                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        8665510                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2669392                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1958231                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         316304                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263288                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30227                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120957                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113441                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33717                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2745488                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1734835                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            316304                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       147158                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              360702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         84879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       200332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          171836                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28871                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        3000190     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          21899      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          27665      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          44113      1.31%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          18094      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          23867      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          27920      0.83%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          12924      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         184220      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      3360892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.087890                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.482049                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2729392                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       218172                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          358986                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          184                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        54154                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        48042                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      2119741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        54154                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2732595                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          7886                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       202214                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          355959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8080                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      2106144                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2942853                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      9789889                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      9789889                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      2434933                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         507912                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           29364                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       198320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       102368                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        23122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          2054987                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1962804                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265781                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552958                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.584013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530292     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       378007     11.25%     86.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155200      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86829      2.58%     93.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117516      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36619      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35777      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19127      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1525      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13651     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1653475     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26639      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180507      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101942      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1962804                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.545393                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17267                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7306089                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2321292                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1909603                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1980071                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40127                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        54154                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          6001                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2055491                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102368                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17180                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17353                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        34533                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1927253                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       177004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             278918                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         272103                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           101914                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.535515                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1909645                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1909603                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         1143716                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         3072329                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.530610                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372264                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1416552                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1745335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310164                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        30279                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567211     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375274     11.35%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136054      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67649      2.05%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61876      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26155      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25631      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12163      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34725      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1416552                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1745335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               258630                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              158193                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           253016                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1571293                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        36017                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        34725                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            5327499                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           4165160                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 42890                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                237988                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1416552                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1745335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1416552                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.540592                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.540592                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393609                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393609                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        8669122                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2670530                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1959117                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         254477                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       224120                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22660                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161464                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         153994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16534                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          749                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2617360                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1441662                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            254477                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       170528                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              319040                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         73510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       103521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          160615                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22075                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      3090626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2771586     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          45483      1.47%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          26189      0.85%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          44714      1.45%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          16572      0.54%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          41117      1.33%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7218      0.23%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          12438      0.40%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         125309      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      3090626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070710                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.400586                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2596566                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       125251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          318155                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          418                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        50233                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        26497                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1631293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        50233                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2599332                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         66853                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        50234                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          315504                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8467                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1627849                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2154840                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7407093                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7407093                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1710108                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         444643                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           22623                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       276323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        51444                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          566                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        11520                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1616458                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1500123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1578                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       314190                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       665497                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3090626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.108929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2436643     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214014      6.92%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207033      6.70%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123360      3.99%     96.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69260      2.24%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18317      0.59%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21072      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          510      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          417      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3090626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2856     58.16%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1139     23.19%     81.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          916     18.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1187311     79.15%     79.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12750      0.85%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249150     16.61%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50797      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1500123                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.416831                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4911                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003274                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6097359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1930913                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1458812                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1505034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1528                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61257                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        50233                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         58695                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1103                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1616705                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51444                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          617                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10260                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24024                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1477590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244594                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22531                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             295367                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         222259                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            50773                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.410569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1459472                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1458812                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          879330                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1990367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.405352                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.441793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1140856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1298997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       317706                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        22318                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3040393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2548499     83.82%     83.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198820      6.54%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121629      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39756      1.31%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62612      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13367      0.44%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8763      0.29%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7786      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39161      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3040393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1140856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1298997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               264712                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              215060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           197838                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1139710                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        17621                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        39161                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4617922                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3283732                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 59466                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                508254                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1140856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1298997                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1140856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.154544                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.154544                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.317003                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.317003                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6837500                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1919377                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1699306                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         316151                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263152                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30208                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120903                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113399                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2744164                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1733922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            316151                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       147099                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              360524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         84815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       202061                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          171749                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28853                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      3361074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.002941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        3000550     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          21891      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          27655      0.82%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          44091      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          18090      0.54%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          23858      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          27907      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          12921      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         184111      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      3361074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.087847                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.481795                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2728087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       219880                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          358811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        54109                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        48025                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      2118626                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        54109                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2731287                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          7854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       203964                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          355786                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8070                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      2105040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2941287                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      9784720                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      9784720                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      2433873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         507414                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           29329                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       198213                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       102315                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        23107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          2053939                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1961864                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265534                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552375                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3361074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530872     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377831     11.24%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155119      4.62%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86788      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117456      3.49%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36607      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35761      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19114      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1526      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3361074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13644     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652699     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26623      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180412      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101889      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1961864                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.545132                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17260                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7304382                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2319997                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908693                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979124                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1450                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40096                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        54109                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          5979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054443                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198213                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102315                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17171                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17338                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        34509                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926337                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176914                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             278775                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         271987                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           101861                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.535260                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1908735                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1908693                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         1143154                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         3070808                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.530358                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1415942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744575                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309879                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        30260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567744     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375128     11.34%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       135991      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67624      2.04%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61851      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26142      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25623      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12155      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34707      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1415942                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1744575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               258505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              158117                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           252914                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1570604                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        36002                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        34707                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            5326699                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           4163022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 42860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                237806                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1415942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1744575                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1415942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.541686                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.541686                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393440                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393440                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        8664938                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2669246                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1958082                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         255048                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       224594                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161675                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154205                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16587                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          751                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2621689                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1444667                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            255048                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       170792                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              319694                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         73711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        92858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          160911                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22142                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      3085079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2765385     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          45526      1.48%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          26283      0.85%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          44777      1.45%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          16633      0.54%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          41146      1.33%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7246      0.23%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          12470      0.40%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         125613      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      3085079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070869                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.401421                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2600881                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       114605                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          318808                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          416                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        50366                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        26594                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1634912                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        50366                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2603652                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         66898                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        39526                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          316149                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8485                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1631467                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2160114                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7423913                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7423913                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1714125                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         445989                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           22662                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       276630                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        51586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          564                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        11562                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1620027                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1503420                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1562                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315059                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       667170                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3085079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2429746     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214556      6.95%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207261      6.72%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123648      4.01%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69388      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18382      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21169      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          510      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          419      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3085079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2872     58.24%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1142     23.16%     81.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          917     18.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1190140     79.16%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12798      0.85%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249430     16.59%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50937      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1503420                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.417747                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4931                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003280                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6098412                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1935351                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1461986                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1508351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1532                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61325                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        50366                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         58718                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1113                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1620274                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276630                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          628                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13814                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10289                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24103                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1480780                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244862                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             295775                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         222732                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            50913                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.411456                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1462647                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1461986                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          881199                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1995770                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.406234                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.441533                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1143129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1301787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       318548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22386                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3034713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2541674     83.75%     83.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199353      6.57%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121891      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39843      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62722      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13408      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8784      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7813      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39225      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3034713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1143129                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1301787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               265097                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              215305                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           198251                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1142202                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        17674                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        39225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4615810                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3291067                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 59568                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                513801                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1143129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1301787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1143129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.148271                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.148271                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.317635                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.317635                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6851793                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1923952                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1702632                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         240701                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216870                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14519                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89765                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83999                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13083                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          658                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2532949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1509161                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            240701                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        97082                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              297631                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         46387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       407552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          147122                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      3269676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.841835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2972045     90.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          10537      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21457      0.66%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           9109      0.28%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          48638      1.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          43771      1.34%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           8311      0.25%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          17924      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         137884      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      3269676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.066882                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.419342                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2503981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       437000                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          296341                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1016                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        31335                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        21201                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1769080                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        31335                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2508130                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        391921                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        30715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          293504                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        14068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1766986                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         6678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1051                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2083879                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      8315415                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      8315415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1805576                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         278292                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           31469                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       412871                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       207102                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1994                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        10204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1761153                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1677746                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162240                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3269676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.513123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2664768     81.50%     81.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       186343      5.70%     87.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149557      4.57%     91.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64258      1.97%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80736      2.47%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75328      2.30%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42945      1.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3667      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2074      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3269676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4244     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31722     85.92%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          955      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057171     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14669      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399451     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206355     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1677746                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.466186                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36921                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022006                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6663451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1923653                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1661415                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1714667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2899                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1820                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        31335                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        379730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1761364                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412871                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207102                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2061                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7711                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9000                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        16711                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1664728                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397921                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             604234                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         217613                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           206313                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.462568                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1661542                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1661415                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          899425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1784527                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.461648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.504013                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1339356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1574138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       187478                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        14596                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3238341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2663962     82.26%     82.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212308      6.56%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98696      3.05%     91.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96355      2.98%     94.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26797      0.83%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       109971      3.40%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8759      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6168      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15325      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3238341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1339356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1574138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               597707                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              392430                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           207820                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1399958                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        15325                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4984632                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3554585                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 55612                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                329204                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1339356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1574138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1339356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.687023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.687023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.372159                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.372159                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        8220005                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1935753                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       2094986                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         316123                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263126                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30205                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120891                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113387                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33699                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2743986                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1733785                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            316123                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       147086                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              360496                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         84805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       200785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          171737                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28850                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      3359585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2999089     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          21889      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          27652      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          44088      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          18089      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          23855      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          27905      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          12921      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         184097      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      3359585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.087839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.481757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2727908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       218603                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          358785                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        54102                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        48024                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      2118478                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        54102                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2731106                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          7854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       202689                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          355762                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      2104890                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2941071                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      9784039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      9784039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      2433735                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         507336                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           29325                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       198199                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       102312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        23107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          2053797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1961743                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265490                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552285                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3359585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2529442     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377799     11.25%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155107      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86783      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117453      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36603      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35758      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19114      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1526      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3359585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13643     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652592     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26623      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180401      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101886      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1961743                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.545098                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17259                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7302650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2319811                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1450                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40093                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        54102                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          5979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054301                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198199                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17168                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17336                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        34504                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926219                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176903                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             278761                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         271970                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           101858                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.535227                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1908617                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1908575                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         1143078                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         3070586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.530325                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372267                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1415864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        30257                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3305483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2566309     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375100     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       135982      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67620      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61849      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26142      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25622      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12155      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34704      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3305483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1415864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1744479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               258491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              158106                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           252899                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1570520                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        36001                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        34704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            5325078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           4162731                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 42855                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                239295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1415864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1744479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1415864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.541826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.541826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        8664413                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2669079                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1957934                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         277763                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       227384                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113751                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107209                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27998                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1293                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2669972                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1553275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            277763                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       135207                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              322666                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         79581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       155517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          679                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          164869                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      3199161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2876495     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          14818      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          23485      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          31295      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          33317      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          28129      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          15511      0.48%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          23920      0.75%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         152191      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      3199161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077180                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2642947                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       183788                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          321821                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          520                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        50080                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        45396                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1903790                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        50080                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2650792                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         25658                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       140588                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          314525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        17513                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1901998                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         7528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2654909                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      8843824                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      8843824                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      2272354                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         382555                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          458                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          234                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           53714                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       178787                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        95475                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1160                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        41703                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1898620                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          461                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1792933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          344                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226769                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       550422                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3199161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.246603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2425668     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       330410     10.33%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       162592      5.08%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       113853      3.56%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90924      2.84%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37927      1.19%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23655      0.74%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12537      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1595      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3199161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           379     11.86%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1194     37.37%     49.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1622     50.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1508984     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26646      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          223      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       161990      9.03%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95090      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1792933                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.498192                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3195                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6788566                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2125863                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1764723                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1796128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3563                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31160                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1613                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        50080                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         21453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1701                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1899086                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       178787                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        95475                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16112                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16781                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        32893                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1767335                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152668                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             247734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         250657                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            95066                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.491079                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1764818                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1764723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         1014138                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2733419                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.490353                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371014                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1324531                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1629751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269347                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        29068                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3149081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.347250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2467944     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343836     10.92%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123731      3.93%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59975      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        57166      1.82%     96.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29453      0.94%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20722      0.66%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11765      0.37%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34489      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3149081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1324531                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1629751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               241489                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              147627                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           235015                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1468390                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        33556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        34489                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            5013677                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3848284                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 42330                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                399719                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1324531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1629751                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1324531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.717098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.717098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.368040                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.368040                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7952064                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2460119                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1764348                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         240673                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14448                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93599                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83949                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13100                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          665                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2534902                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1510037                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            240673                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        97049                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              297694                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         46069                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       402898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          147178                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14299                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      3266790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.842930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2969096     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          10443      0.32%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21465      0.66%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           9096      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          48654      1.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          43885      1.34%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           8308      0.25%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          17922      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         137921      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      3266790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.066874                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.419585                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2508886                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       429390                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          296432                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          992                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        31087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        21216                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1769908                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        31087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2512859                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        384116                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        32982                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          293761                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        11982                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1767887                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         5713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          157                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2083859                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      8320597                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      8320597                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1807950                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         275903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           29731                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       413657                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       207695                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1922                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        10205                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1761981                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1679930                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1309                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       160519                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       394764                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3266790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2662551     81.50%     81.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184896      5.66%     87.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149115      4.56%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64859      1.99%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81147      2.48%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75458      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        43062      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3639      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2063      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3266790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4223     11.42%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31800     85.98%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          961      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057668     62.96%     62.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14675      0.87%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       400552     23.84%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206935     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1679930                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.466792                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36984                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022015                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6664943                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1922760                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1663617                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1716914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2863                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20194                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1898                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        31087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        375602                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1762192                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       413657                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207695                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7668                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        16603                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1666888                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       399027                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             605923                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         217913                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           206896                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.463169                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1663741                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1663617                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          900661                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1784018                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.462260                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.504850                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1341622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1576713                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       185730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        14526                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3235703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2660786     82.23%     82.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212028      6.55%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98791      3.05%     91.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96669      2.99%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26769      0.83%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110589      3.42%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8658      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6177      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15236      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3235703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1341622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1576713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               599252                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              393460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           208129                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1402224                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        15236                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4982910                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3555991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 55617                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                332090                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1341622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1576713                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1341622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.682484                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.682484                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.372789                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.372789                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        8232560                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1937316                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       2097589                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         279266                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       228407                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28915                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       114518                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107875                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28181                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1290                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2678351                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1561134                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            279266                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       136056                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              324323                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         79738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       144340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          165374                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28792                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      3197501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2873178     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          14967      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          23418      0.73%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          31803      0.99%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          33438      1.05%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          28118      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          15480      0.48%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          24026      0.75%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         153073      4.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      3197501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077598                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.433783                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2650833                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       172400                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          323483                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        50252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        45839                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1913460                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        50252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2658596                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         27009                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       128030                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          316298                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        17311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1911854                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         7467                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2668540                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      8889183                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      8889183                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      2284281                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         384232                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          459                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           53279                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       179611                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        96156                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        21739                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1908404                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1802389                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          477                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       227893                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552144                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3197501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2436017     76.19%     76.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       311437      9.74%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159165      4.98%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       120575      3.77%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        94377      2.95%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37894      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24037      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12295      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1704      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3197501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           379     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1113     35.76%     47.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1620     52.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1516700     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26791      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          225      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162969      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95704      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1802389                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.500819                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3112                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001727                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6805865                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2136772                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1774067                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1805501                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3822                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1781                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        50252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         22769                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1744                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1908871                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179611                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96156                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1479                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16688                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        32770                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1776711                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153590                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             249266                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         252181                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            95676                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.493684                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1774134                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1774067                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         1019385                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2747184                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.492950                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1331450                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1638300                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270554                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        29053                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3147249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2475383     78.65%     78.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       332977     10.58%     89.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125971      4.00%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59627      1.89%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50374      1.60%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29177      0.93%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25713      0.82%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11375      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36652      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3147249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1331450                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1638300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               242778                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              148403                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           236259                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1476078                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        33730                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        36652                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            5019438                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3867987                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 42432                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                401379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1331450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1638300                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1331450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.702978                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.702978                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.369962                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.369962                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7993729                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2472908                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1773495                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         278358                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       227737                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113025                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107193                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28111                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1309                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2668753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1556476                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            278358                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       135304                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              323278                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         79891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       156761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          164885                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28768                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      3199466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2876188     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          14931      0.47%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          23392      0.73%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31289      0.98%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          33588      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          28172      0.88%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          15263      0.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          23701      0.74%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         152942      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      3199466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.432489                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2641315                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       184756                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          322416                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          537                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        50437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        45637                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1907973                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1286                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        50437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2649042                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         25948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       141634                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          315272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        17128                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1906108                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2659753                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      8863193                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      8863193                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      2274264                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         385489                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          460                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          236                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           53088                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       179249                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        95696                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1170                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        40828                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1902583                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          461                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1796206                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       229488                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       554928                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3199466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.248580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2426342     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328438     10.27%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       163300      5.10%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       114310      3.57%     94.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        91282      2.85%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37462      1.17%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24160      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12536      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1636      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3199466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           401     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1196     37.11%     49.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1626     50.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1511742     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26698      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          224      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162246      9.03%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95296      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1796206                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.499101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3223                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001794                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6795464                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2132544                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1767373                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1799429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3720                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31503                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1733                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        50437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         21737                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1769                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1903049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179249                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        95696                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1494                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16983                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        32960                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1769985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152802                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             248074                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         251077                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            95272                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.491816                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1767465                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1767373                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         1015539                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2738727                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.491090                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1325658                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1631124                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271931                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        29018                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3149029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.348969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2467986     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343633     10.91%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123967      3.94%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59220      1.88%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        57837      1.84%     96.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29195      0.93%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20780      0.66%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11394      0.36%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35017      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3149029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1325658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1631124                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               241709                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              147746                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           235201                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1469629                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        33580                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        35017                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            5017054                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3856554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 42358                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                399414                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1325658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1631124                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1325658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.714788                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.714788                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.368353                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.368353                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7963508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       2463634                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1767864                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         255422                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       224758                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22782                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161354                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154322                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16708                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          766                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2628932                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1446245                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            255422                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       171030                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              320144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         73620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       105255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          161245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22185                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      3105028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2784884     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          45820      1.48%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          26233      0.84%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          44657      1.44%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          16691      0.54%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          41086      1.32%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7224      0.23%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          12593      0.41%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         125840      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      3105028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070973                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.401860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2608116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       127002                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          319294                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        50226                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        26840                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1637341                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1776                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        50226                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2610872                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         73719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        45226                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          316635                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8347                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1633982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2163133                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7436082                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7436082                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1719921                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         443212                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           22375                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       276714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        51857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          539                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        11655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1622876                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1507368                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       313454                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       661492                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3105028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.108563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2447399     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215847      6.95%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207572      6.69%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       124083      4.00%     96.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69779      2.25%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18423      0.59%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20998      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          507      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          420      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3105028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2825     57.87%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1134     23.23%     81.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          923     18.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1193650     79.19%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12838      0.85%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249558     16.56%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51206      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1507368                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.418844                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4882                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6126158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1936592                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465917                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1512250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1398                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        60998                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        50226                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         65586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1623123                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          620                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13781                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10312                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24093                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1484404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244887                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             296067                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         223327                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            51180                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.412463                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1466534                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1465917                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          883413                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2002011                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.407326                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.441263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1146538                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1306064                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       317131                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        22440                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3054802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2559877     83.80%     83.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200435      6.56%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122246      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39930      1.31%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62777      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13538      0.44%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8792      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7859      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39348      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3054802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1146538                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1306064                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               265785                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              215716                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           198873                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1146074                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        17774                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        39348                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4638636                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3296647                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 59371                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                493852                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1146538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1306064                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1146538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.138910                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.138910                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.318582                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.318582                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6868262                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1929099                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1704722                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          707                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2044.346366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          86778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        31.532703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks         106.988675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    11.923167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   297.782265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1627.652259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.005822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.145401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.794752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.998216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 704                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    661767027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     676248280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      731496161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     731496161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.608083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.628011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.628011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1043796.572555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045205.996909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    606097229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619437082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50242619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50242619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656339848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669679701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656339848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669679701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955989.320189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957398.890263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 881449.456140                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881449.456140                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949840.590449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951249.575284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949840.590449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951249.575284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          701                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2044.449726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          86791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        31.606336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks         109.041607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    11.972779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   295.227743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1628.207597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.053243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.005846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.144154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.795023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.998266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            493                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 493                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          422                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   422                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          687                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 700                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16478986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    623064819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     639543805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     49156879                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     49156879                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16478986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    672221698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      688700684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16478986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    672221698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     688700684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              1065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          493                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             493                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               1122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              1122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.598859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.603756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.619477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.623886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.619477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.623886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1267614.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 988991.776190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994624.891135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 862401.385965                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862401.385965                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1267614.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 978488.643377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 983858.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1267614.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 978488.643377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 983858.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                378                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     378                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15337586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    567831952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    583169538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     44149059                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44149059                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15337586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    611981011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    627318597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15337586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    611981011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    627318597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.598859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.603756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.619477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.619477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1179814.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 901320.558730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906951.069984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 774544.894737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774544.894737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1179814.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 890802.053857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896169.424286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1179814.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 890802.053857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896169.424286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.494349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          51362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        22.263546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.345632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.054159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   127.997373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1864.097186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.010769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.062499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.910204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42139513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198964439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     241103952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42139513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198964439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      241103952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42139513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198964439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     241103952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832152.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 843069.656780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930903.289575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832152.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 843069.656780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930903.289575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832152.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 843069.656780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930903.289575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     40120113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178243639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218363752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     40120113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178243639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218363752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     40120113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178243639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218363752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1744352.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755269.656780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843103.289575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1744352.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755269.656780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843103.289575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1744352.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755269.656780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843103.289575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.000770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        52.969238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.000770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.392230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    89.409191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1904.198579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.011910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.043657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.929784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71132292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    161858448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     232990740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71132292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    161858448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      232990740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71132292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    161858448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     232990740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2540439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 969212.263473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1194824.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2540439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 969212.263473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1194824.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2540439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 969212.263473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1194824.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68672371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    147192067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215864438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68672371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    147192067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215864438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68672371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    147192067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215864438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2452584.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881389.622754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1106997.117949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2452584.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881389.622754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1106997.117949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2452584.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881389.622754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1106997.117949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.121546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         132081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        61.148611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.964144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    44.873969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1946.161886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.021911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.950274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53987239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78606178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     132593417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53987239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78606178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      132593417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53987239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78606178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     132593417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2570820.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 863804.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1183869.794643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2570820.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 863804.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1183869.794643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2570820.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 863804.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1183869.794643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52143439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70613683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122757122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52143439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70613683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122757122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52143439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70613683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122757122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2483020.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 775974.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096045.732143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2483020.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 775974.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096045.732143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2483020.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 775974.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096045.732143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.121547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.968245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    44.902693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1946.129062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.021925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.950258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54927856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     80232013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     135159869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54927856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     80232013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      135159869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54927856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     80232013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     135159869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2615612.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 881670.472527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1206784.544643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2615612.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 881670.472527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1206784.544643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2615612.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 881670.472527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1206784.544643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53084056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     72242213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125326269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53084056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     72242213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125326269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53084056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     72242213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125326269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2527812.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 793870.472527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118984.544643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2527812.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 793870.472527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118984.544643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2527812.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 793870.472527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118984.544643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.495214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          51359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        22.262245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.348182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.042008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   127.862702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1864.242322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.010763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.062433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.910275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   475                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42720962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    204504801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     247225763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42720962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    204504801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      247225763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42720962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    204504801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     247225763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.354309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.352861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.352861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1857433.130435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 866545.766949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954539.625483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1857433.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 866545.766949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954539.625483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1857433.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 866545.766949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954539.625483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     40701424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    183777148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224478572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     40701424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    183777148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224478572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     40701424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    183777148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224478572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1769627.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 778716.728814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866712.633205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1769627.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 778716.728814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866712.633205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1769627.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 778716.728814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866712.633205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.121546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         132080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.148148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.961480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    44.793612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1946.244908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.021872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.950315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          376                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   378                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55791923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     80221399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     136013322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55791923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     80221399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      136013322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55791923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     80221399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     136013322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.196121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2656758.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 881553.835165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1214404.660714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2656758.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 881553.835165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1214404.660714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2656758.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 881553.835165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1214404.660714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53947355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     72230628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126177983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53947355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     72230628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    126177983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53947355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     72230628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126177983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.196121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2568921.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 793743.164835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1126589.133929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2568921.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 793743.164835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1126589.133929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2568921.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 793743.164835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1126589.133929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.493923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          51360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        22.262679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.345633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.049707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   127.936064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1864.162519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.010766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.062469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.910236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   476                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47167073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    204956331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     252123404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47167073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    204956331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      252123404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47167073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    204956331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     252123404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.331927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.352381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.331927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.352381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2050742.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 868459.029661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 973449.436293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2050742.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 868459.029661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 973449.436293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2050742.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 868459.029661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 973449.436293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     45147673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    184234892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229382565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     45147673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    184234892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229382565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     45147673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    184234892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229382565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.331927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.331927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1962942.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 780656.322034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885646.969112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1962942.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 780656.322034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885646.969112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1962942.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 780656.322034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885646.969112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          502                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         113402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        44.471373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.634152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.602767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   236.531621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1792.231460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.115494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.875113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          509                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   509                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 502                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14344413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    473630135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     487974548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14344413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    473630135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      487974548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14344413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    473630135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     487974548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              1011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               1011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              1011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.496538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.496538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.496538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1024600.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 970553.555328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 972060.852590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1024600.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 970553.555328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 972060.852590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1024600.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 970553.555328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 972060.852590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13109963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    430610865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443720828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13109963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    430610865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443720828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13109963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    430610865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443720828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.489468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 936425.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 882399.313525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883906.031873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 936425.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 882399.313525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883906.031873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 936425.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 882399.313525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883906.031873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.121546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         132080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        61.148148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.962258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    44.866685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1946.171057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.021908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.950279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          376                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   378                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53882006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79077291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     132959297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53882006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79077291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      132959297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53882006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79077291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     132959297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.196121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2565809.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868981.219780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1187136.580357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2565809.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868981.219780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1187136.580357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2565809.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868981.219780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1187136.580357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52038206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     71087491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123125697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52038206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     71087491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123125697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52038206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     71087491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123125697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.196121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2478009.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781181.219780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099336.580357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2478009.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781181.219780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099336.580357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2478009.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781181.219780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099336.580357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          192                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2046.978652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        53.040179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.978652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.637443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    87.492634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1906.869923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.042721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.931089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76120654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    139700981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     215821635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76120654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    139700981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      215821635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76120654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    139700981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     215821635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.323232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.321608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.321608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2819283.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 846672.612121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1124071.015625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2819283.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 846672.612121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1124071.015625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2819283.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 846672.612121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1124071.015625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 82                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      82                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73748143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125209207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198957350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73748143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125209207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    198957350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73748143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125209207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    198957350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2731412.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 758843.678788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036236.197917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2731412.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 758843.678788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036236.197917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2731412.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 758843.678788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036236.197917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          500                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         113402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        44.506279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.632534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.601552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   235.570302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1793.195612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.115025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.875584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          509                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   509                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          486                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 500                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14687742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    468356691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     483044433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14687742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    468356691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      483044433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14687742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    468356691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     483044433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              1009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               1009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              1009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.488442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.495540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.488442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.495540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.488442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.495540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1049124.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 963696.895062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 966088.866000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1049124.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 963696.895062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966088.866000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1049124.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 963696.895062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966088.866000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13458542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    425684237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    439142779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13458542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    425684237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    439142779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13458542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    425684237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    439142779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.488442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.488442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.488442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 961324.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 875893.491770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878285.558000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 961324.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 875893.491770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878285.558000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 961324.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 875893.491770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878285.558000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2046.999492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        52.969238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.999492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.377478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    89.227684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1904.394837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.011903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.043568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.929880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68033339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    161819305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     229852644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68033339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    161819305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      229852644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68033339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    161819305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     229852644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2429762.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 968977.874251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1178731.507692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2429762.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 968977.874251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1178731.507692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2429762.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 968977.874251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1178731.507692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65574939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    147156254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212731193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65574939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    147156254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212731193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65574939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    147156254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212731193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2341962.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 881175.173653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1090929.194872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2341962.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 881175.173653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1090929.194872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2341962.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 881175.173653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1090929.194872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          192                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2046.958844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         118811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        53.040625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.958844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.647358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    87.711779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1906.640864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.011547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.042828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.930977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          405                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   406                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77811014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    145060619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     222871633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77811014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    145060619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      222871633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77811014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    145060619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     222871633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.322689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.321070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.321070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2881889.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 879155.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1160789.755208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2881889.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 879155.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1160789.755208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2881889.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 879155.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1160789.755208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 82                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      82                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75438916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    130571406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206010322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75438916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    130571406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    206010322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75438916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    130571406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    206010322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2794033.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 791341.854545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072970.427083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2794033.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 791341.854545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072970.427083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2794033.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 791341.854545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072970.427083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          260                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.508560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          51364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        22.254766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.361924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.994406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   129.437226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1862.715004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.010739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.063202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.909529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   480                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 260                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47218624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200913909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     248132533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47218624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200913909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      248132533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47218624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200913909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     248132533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2052983.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 847738.012658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954355.896154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2052983.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 847738.012658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954355.896154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2052983.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 847738.012658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954355.896154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45198791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    180098571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225297362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45198791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    180098571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225297362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45198791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    180098571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225297362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1965164.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 759909.582278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866528.315385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1965164.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 759909.582278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866528.315385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1965164.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 759909.582278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866528.315385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.962151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125035930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             91668.570381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.171120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.828880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.776777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750133420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1494289.681275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.776777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         125490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        125490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     21782294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21782294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     21782294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21782294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     21782294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21782294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       125510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       125510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1089114.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1089114.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1089114.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1089114.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1089114.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1089114.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16592944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16592944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16592944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16592944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16592944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16592944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1276380.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1276380.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1276380.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1276380.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1276380.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1276380.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125037055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             91669.395161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   190.569410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    65.430590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.744412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.255588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        76928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       172113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         172113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       172113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        172113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1653970100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1653970100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    405544574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    405544574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2059514674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2059514674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2059514674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2059514674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        97837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        77416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       175253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       175253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.027106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 623668.966817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 623668.966817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 831033.963115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831033.963115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 655896.392994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 655896.392994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 655896.392994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 655896.392994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2031                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2031                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    656769363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    656769363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     49629979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49629979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    706399342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    706399342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    706399342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    706399342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 624305.478137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 624305.478137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 870701.385965                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870701.385965                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 636969.650135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636969.650135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 636969.650135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636969.650135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              548.055140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              643101441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1169275.347273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.012005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.043135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.036878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         161219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        161219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48906733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48906733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48906733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48906733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48906733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48906733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       161253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       161253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1438433.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1438433.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42396401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42396401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42396401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42396401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42396401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42396401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766516.708333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766516.708333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              150655661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             155475.398349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   161.744347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    94.255653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.631814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.368186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       220725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       270466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         270466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       270466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        270466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1038559434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1038559434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1270049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1270049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1039829483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1039829483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1039829483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1039829483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       223190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       272946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       272946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 421322.285598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421322.285598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84669.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84669.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    231882576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231882576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    232074876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232074876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    232074876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232074876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 326595.177465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326595.177465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              500.154436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              746444518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1481040.710317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.154436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.040312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       164842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        164842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       164842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         164842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       164842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        164842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79204132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79204132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79204132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79204132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79204132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79204132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       164880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       164880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       164880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       164880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       164880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2084319.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2084319.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2084319.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2084319.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2084319.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2084319.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71441327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71441327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71441327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71441327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71441327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71441327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2463494.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2463494.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2463494.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2463494.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2463494.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2463494.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              112807522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             136405.709794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   170.248026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    85.751974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.665031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.334969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       111892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        93616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       205508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         205508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       205508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        205508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    630404575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    630404575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1155872                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155872                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    631560447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    631560447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    631560447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    631560447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       113736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        93630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       207366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       207366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.016213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 341867.990781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341867.990781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82562.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82562.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339914.126480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339914.126480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339914.126480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339914.126480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    189344096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189344096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    189536396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189536396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    189536396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189536396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333352.281690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333352.281690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 331937.646235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331937.646235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 331937.646235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331937.646235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              469.727425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749898208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1568824.702929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.727425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       171733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       171733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         171733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       171733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        171733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     86093458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86093458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     86093458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86093458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     86093458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86093458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       171764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       171764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       171764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       171764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       171764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2777208.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2777208.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2777208.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2777208.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2777208.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2777208.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54291379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54291379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54291379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54291379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54291379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54291379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2360494.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360494.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2360494.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360494.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2360494.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360494.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              108919119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             150648.850622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   137.409001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   118.590999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.536754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.463246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       135776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        99887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       235663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         235663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       235663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        235663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    243982994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243982994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1077707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    245060701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245060701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    245060701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245060701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       136986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        99899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       236885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       236885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 201638.838017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201638.838017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 89808.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89808.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 200540.671849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200540.671849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 200540.671849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200540.671849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103602595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103602595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       208379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103810974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103810974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103810974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103810974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 222801.279570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222801.279570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69459.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69459.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 221818.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221818.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 221818.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221818.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              469.732312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              749898280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1568824.853556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.732312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.023609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       171805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       171805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         171805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       171805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        171805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87718319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87718319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87718319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87718319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87718319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87718319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       171836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       171836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       171836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       171836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       171836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2829623.193548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2829623.193548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2829623.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2829623.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2829623.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2829623.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55232051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55232051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55232051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55232051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55232051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55232051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2401393.521739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2401393.521739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2401393.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2401393.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2401393.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2401393.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              108919216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             150440.906077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   137.484894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   118.515106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.537050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.462950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       135829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        99931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       235760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         235760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       235760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        235760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    239030019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239030019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1078367                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1078367                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    240108386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240108386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    240108386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240108386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       137039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        99943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       236982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       236982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 197545.470248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197545.470248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 89863.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89863.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 196488.040917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196488.040917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 196488.040917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196488.040917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    105290016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105290016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       208434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    105498450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105498450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    105498450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105498450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 226430.141935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226430.141935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        69478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225424.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225424.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225424.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225424.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.042999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              643100804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1169274.189091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.998880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.044119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.036857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       160582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       160582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         160582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       160582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        160582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49829953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49829953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49829953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49829953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49829953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49829953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       160615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       160615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       160615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       160615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       160615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1509998.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1509998.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1509998.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1509998.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1509998.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1509998.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42977455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42977455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42977455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42977455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42977455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42977455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1790727.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790727.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1790727.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790727.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1790727.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790727.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              150654881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             156119.047668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   161.623896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    94.376104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.631343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.368657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       220293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        49393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       269686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         269686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       269686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        269686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1063927268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1063927268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1269035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1269035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1065196303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1065196303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1065196303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1065196303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       222746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        49408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       272154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       272154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 433724.935997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433724.935997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84602.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84602.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 431603.040113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431603.040113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 431603.040113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431603.040113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1758                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1758                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    237154261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    237154261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    237346561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    237346561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    237346561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    237346561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335437.427157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335437.427157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334290.930986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334290.930986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334290.930986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334290.930986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              469.724585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              749898192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1568824.669456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.724585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.023597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       171717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       171717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         171717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       171717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        171717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88783883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88783883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88783883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88783883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88783883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88783883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       171749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       171749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       171749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       171749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       171749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2774496.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2774496.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2774496.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2774496.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2774496.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2774496.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56096125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56096125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56096125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56096125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56096125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56096125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2438961.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2438961.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2438961.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2438961.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2438961.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2438961.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              108919101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             150648.825726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   137.237531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   118.762469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.536084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.463916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       135763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        99882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       235645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         235645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       235645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        235645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    243681572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243681572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1078451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1078451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    244760023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244760023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    244760023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244760023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       136969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        99894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       236863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       236863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 202057.688226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202057.688226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89870.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89870.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 200952.399836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200952.399836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 200952.399836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200952.399836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105216417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105216417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       208441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105424858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105424858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105424858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105424858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 226759.519397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226759.519397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69480.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69480.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 225749.160600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225749.160600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 225749.160600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225749.160600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              548.050698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              643101100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1169274.727273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.007388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.043310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.036871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       160878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       160878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         160878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       160878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        160878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     54936656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54936656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     54936656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54936656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     54936656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54936656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       160911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       160911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       160911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       160911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       160911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1664747.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1664747.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1664747.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1664747.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1664747.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1664747.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47423745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47423745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47423745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47423745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47423745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47423745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1975989.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975989.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1975989.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975989.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1975989.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975989.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  711                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              150655209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             155796.493278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   161.716949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    94.283051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.631707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.368293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       220481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        49533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       270014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         270014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       270014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        270014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1070580999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1070580999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1269599                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1269599                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1071850598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1071850598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1071850598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1071850598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       222938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        49548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       272486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       272486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 435726.902320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435726.902320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84639.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84639.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433596.520227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433596.520227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433596.520227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433596.520227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    237734291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    237734291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    237926591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    237926591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    237926591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    237926591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335782.896893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335782.896893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 334636.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334636.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 334636.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334636.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              556.601944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              765428004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1374197.493716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.601944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       147106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       147106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         147106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       147106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        147106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     15364636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15364636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     15364636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15364636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     15364636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15364636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       147122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       147122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       147122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       147122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       147122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 960289.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960289.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 960289.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 960289.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 960289.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 960289.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14461712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14461712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14461712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14461712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14461712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14461712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1032979.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032979.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1032979.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032979.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1032979.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032979.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              287973192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             229826.968875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   103.695727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   152.304273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.405061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.594939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       375375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       205076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       580451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         580451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       580451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        580451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1948632401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1948632401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1948632401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1948632401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1948632401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1948632401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       379044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       379044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       205076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       584120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       584120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531107.222949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 531107.222949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531107.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 531107.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531107.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 531107.222949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    512397656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512397656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    512397656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512397656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    512397656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512397656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 513939.474423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513939.474423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 513939.474423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513939.474423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 513939.474423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513939.474423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              469.725211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749898181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1568824.646444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.725211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.023598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       171706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       171706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         171706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       171706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        171706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     85791955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85791955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     85791955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85791955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     85791955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85791955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       171737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       171737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       171737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       171737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       171737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2767482.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2767482.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2767482.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2767482.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2767482.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2767482.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54186116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54186116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54186116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54186116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54186116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54186116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2355918.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2355918.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2355918.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2355918.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2355918.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2355918.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              108919090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             150648.810512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   137.394890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   118.605110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.536699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.463301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       135755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        99879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       235634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         235634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       235634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        235634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    243497917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243497917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1077347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    244575264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244575264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    244575264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244575264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       136961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        99891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       236852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       236852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 201905.403814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201905.403814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 89778.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89778.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 200800.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200800.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 200800.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200800.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    104068933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104068933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       208349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    104277282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104277282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    104277282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104277282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 224286.493534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224286.493534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69449.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69449.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223291.824411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223291.824411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223291.824411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223291.824411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              500.163095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              746444502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1481040.678571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.163095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.040325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       164826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        164826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       164826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         164826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       164826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        164826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     85892096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85892096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     85892096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85892096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     85892096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85892096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       164868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       164868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       164868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       164868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       164868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2045049.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2045049.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2045049.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2045049.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2045049.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2045049.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       293297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       293297                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76476299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76476299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76476299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76476299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76476299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76476299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2637113.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2637113.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2637113.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2637113.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2637113.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2637113.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              112807195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             136901.935680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   169.892482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    86.107518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.663643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.336357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       111769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        93412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       205181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         205181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       205181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        205181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    590279958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    590279958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1202760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1202760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    591482718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    591482718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    591482718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    591482718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       113621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        93427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       207048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       207048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.016300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000161                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 318725.679266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 318725.679266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        80184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        80184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 316809.168720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 316809.168720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 316809.168720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 316809.168720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    167077536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167077536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    167269836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167269836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    167269836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167269836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 295712.453097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295712.453097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 294489.147887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294489.147887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 294489.147887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294489.147887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              556.600733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              765428060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1374197.594255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.600733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       147162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       147162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         147162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       147162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        147162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15723260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15723260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15723260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15723260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15723260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15723260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       147178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       147178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       147178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       147178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       147178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 982703.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 982703.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 982703.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982703.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 982703.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982703.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14804366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14804366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14804366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14804366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14804366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14804366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1057454.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057454.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1057454.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057454.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1057454.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1057454.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  995                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              287974846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             230195.720224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   103.684408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   152.315592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.405017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.594983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       376514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        376514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       205591                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205591                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       582105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         582105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       582105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        582105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         3671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         3671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1929877706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1929877706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1929877706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1929877706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1929877706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1929877706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       380185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       380185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       205591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       585776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       585776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       585776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       585776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 525708.991011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 525708.991011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 525708.991011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 525708.991011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 525708.991011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 525708.991011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    507107251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507107251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    507107251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507107251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    507107251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507107251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 509655.528643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509655.528643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 509655.528643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509655.528643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 509655.528643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509655.528643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              500.138563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              746445013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1481041.692460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.138563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.040286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       165337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        165337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       165337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         165337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       165337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        165337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75345808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75345808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75345808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75345808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75345808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75345808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       165374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       165374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       165374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       165374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       165374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2036373.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2036373.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2036373.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2036373.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2036373.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2036373.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68352355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68352355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68352355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68352355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68352355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68352355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2356977.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2356977.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2356977.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2356977.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2356977.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2356977.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              112808188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             136406.515115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   170.053411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    85.946589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.664271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.335729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        112250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        93924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       206174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         206174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       206174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        206174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    645659657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    645659657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1155954                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155954                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    646815611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    646815611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    646815611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    646815611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       114094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        93938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       208032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       208032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       208032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       208032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.016162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 350140.811822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 350140.811822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82568.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82568.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 348124.656082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 348124.656082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 348124.656082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 348124.656082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    189296172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189296172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    189488472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189488472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    189488472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189488472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 333267.908451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333267.908451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 331853.716287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331853.716287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 331853.716287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331853.716287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              499.410222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              746444514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1483985.117296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.410222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.039119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       164838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        164838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       164838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         164838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       164838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        164838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111513158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111513158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111513158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111513158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111513158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111513158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       164885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       164885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       164885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       164885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       164885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2372620.382979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2372620.382979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2372620.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2372620.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2372620.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2372620.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     78099766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78099766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     78099766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78099766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     78099766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78099766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2789277.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2789277.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2789277.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2789277.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2789277.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2789277.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              112807260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             136570.532688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   170.002380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    85.997620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.664072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.335928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       111737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        93509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       205246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         205246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       205246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        205246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    604497276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    604497276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1358355                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1358355                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    605855631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    605855631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    605855631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    605855631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       113573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        93527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       207100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       207100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 329246.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 329246.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 75464.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75464.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 326782.972492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 326782.972492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 326782.972492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 326782.972492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172567372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172567372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172759672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    172759672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172759672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    172759672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 304351.626102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304351.626102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 303087.143860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303087.143860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 303087.143860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303087.143860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              547.995396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              643101433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1169275.332727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.952327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.043069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.036783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       161211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       161211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         161211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       161211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        161211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53943689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53943689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53943689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53943689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53943689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53943689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       161245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       161245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       161245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       161245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       161245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1586579.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1586579.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1586579.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1586579.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1586579.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1586579.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47475028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47475028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47475028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47475028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47475028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47475028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1978126.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978126.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1978126.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978126.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1978126.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978126.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              150655610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             154995.483539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   162.505224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    93.494776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.634786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.365214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       220606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        49809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       270415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         270415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       270415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        270415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1050194147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1050194147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1269170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1269170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1051463317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1051463317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1051463317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1051463317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       223051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       272875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       272875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 429527.258487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 429527.258487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84611.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84611.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 427424.112602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427424.112602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 427424.112602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427424.112602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    233978251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233978251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    234170551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234170551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    234170551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234170551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328160.239832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328160.239832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 327053.842179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327053.842179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 327053.842179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327053.842179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
