
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001031                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1031019990                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398759371245                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 299003                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   396158                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26734                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67620728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38566.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11531533623                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15278449167                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        20096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        49920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        74752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        25216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        24192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        49536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        50304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        24704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        48768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        18048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        73728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               594048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       206464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            206464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1613                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1613                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3227871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     12911486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1862234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     19491378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1738085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     48418072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1613936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     72502959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1613936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24084887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1613936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24457334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1613936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23464143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1738085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     48045625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1738085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     48790519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1613936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23960738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3352020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17877442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1738085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     47300732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1613936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     23588291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3352020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17504995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1613936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     71509768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1862234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20360420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               576175056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3227871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1862234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1738085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1613936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1613936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1613936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1613936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1738085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1738085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1613936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3352020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1738085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1613936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3352020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1613936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1862234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           31906268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         200252179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              200252179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         200252179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3227871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     12911486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1862234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     19491378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1738085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     48418072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1613936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     72502959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1613936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24084887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1613936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24457334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1613936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23464143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1738085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     48045625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1738085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     48790519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1613936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23960738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3352020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17877442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1738085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     47300732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1613936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     23588291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3352020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17504995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1613936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     71509768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1862234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20360420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              776427235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84550                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79851                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23747                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944345                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232491                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256228                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        59793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20754                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2300098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2043870     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15617      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19658      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31421      1.37%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12658      0.55%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16813      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19403      0.84%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9104      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131554      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2300098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090905                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.498486                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1932949                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        72583                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254926                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39515                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34136                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1505829                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39515                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1935394                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5353                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        61460                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252570                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1495602                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2089535                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6950032                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6950032                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         370683                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21232                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141679                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72399                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458933                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388676                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1817                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195613                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416240                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2300098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1713154     74.48%     74.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266228     11.57%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110357      4.80%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61513      2.67%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82813      3.60%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25979      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25441      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13502      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1111      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2300098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9715     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1355     10.99%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169793     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127870      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72016      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388676                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.561655                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12324                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5091591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654923                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350865                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401000                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29971                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1492                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39515                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4050                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          507                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459292                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141679                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72399                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125330                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197306                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.551521                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350897                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350865                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809035                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2172452                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546362                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372406                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227179                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21811                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738517     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264989     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95909      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47708      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43749      1.94%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18230      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8724      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24315      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24315                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695539                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958100                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30918                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                172373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.472459                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.472459                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.404456                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.404456                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6132157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889687                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390930                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         200730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164426                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21468                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82711                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76726                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20404                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1925666                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1147906                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            200730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        97130                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              251063                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         61472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        58280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          120225                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21263                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2274669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2023606     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          26443      1.16%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          30950      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          17162      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          19535      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          11079      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           7583      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          19949      0.88%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         118362      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2274669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081186                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.464275                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1910036                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        74461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          249002                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1852                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        39314                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        32585                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1401055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1877                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        39314                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1913287                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         13893                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        51980                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          247640                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1399497                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1947341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6515400                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6515400                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1633376                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         313961                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           24831                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       134019                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        71919                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15804                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1396221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311643                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1847                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2274669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1723509     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221200      9.72%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118836      5.22%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82189      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72481      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37187      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8886      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6019      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4362      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2274669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           343     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1366     45.07%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1322     43.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098644     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20468      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120979      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71393      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311643                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530499                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3031                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002311                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4902833                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1588333                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1288063                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3343                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25924                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        39314                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          9844                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1396583                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134019                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71919                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          702                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11769                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12494                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24263                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290861                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             184632                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         179570                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            71371                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522093                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1288137                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1288063                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          766962                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2010781                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.520962                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381425                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       958852                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1176401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220181                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2235355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1754968     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222887      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93390      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55719      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38781      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25142      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13316      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10369      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20783      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2235355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       958852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1176401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               178016                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              108093                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           168302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1060642                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        23938                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        20783                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3611154                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2832486                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 31493                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                197802                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            958852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1176401                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       958852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.578574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.578574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.387811                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.387811                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5821718                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1790859                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1305532                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         191926                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172849                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11970                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83790                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66714                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10455                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          544                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019073                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1205781                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            191926                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        77169                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              237776                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         38182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        49900                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          117713                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11803                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2332687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2094911     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8396      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17231      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7128      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          38825      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          34862      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6579      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          14164      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         110591      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2332687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.487683                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2006889                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        62532                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          236745                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        25732                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        16940                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1413996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1258                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        25732                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2009579                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         43624                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        11723                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          234973                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7050                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1412040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2603                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         2713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          164                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1666618                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6646136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6646136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1436158                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         230452                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          170                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           19711                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       330031                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       165408                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1488                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8081                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1406852                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          170                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1339559                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1032                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133672                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       326187                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2332687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1856400     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142870      6.12%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117021      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50594      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64220      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61825      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35123      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2950      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1684      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2332687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3379     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26173     86.25%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          795      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844011     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11661      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319094     23.82%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164713     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1339559                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.541790                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022654                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5043184                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540746                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1325639                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1369906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2231                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17169                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1737                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          118                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        25732                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         39907                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1825                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407022                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330031                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165408                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           90                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1235                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6243                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7484                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        13727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1328460                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11099                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             482427                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         173430                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           164683                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.537301                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1325766                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1325639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          717688                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1419481                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.536160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505599                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1066083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1252891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154235                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        11998                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1851894     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166447      7.22%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77920      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76965      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20694      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89508      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6967      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4889      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11671      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1066083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1252891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               476533                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              312862                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           165340                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1114247                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12147                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        11671                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3702410                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2839999                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 45771                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                139784                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1066083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1252891                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1066083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.319211                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.319211                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.431181                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.431181                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6560066                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1545040                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1673422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         192812                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157246                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79181                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73495                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19180                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          900                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1869476                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1140217                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            192812                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        92675                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              234033                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        58357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          116786                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20503                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2204810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1970777     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          12342      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          19586      0.89%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          29302      1.33%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          12399      0.56%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          14719      0.67%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          15330      0.70%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          10680      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         119675      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2204810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077984                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461165                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1846402                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        82093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          232342                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        42629                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        31292                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1382893                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        42629                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1850991                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         39430                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        28136                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          229199                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        14422                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1379837                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         3034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         6881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1517                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1888345                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6432462                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6432462                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1553677                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         334668                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          292                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          151                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           41060                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       139576                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        76949                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3780                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        14860                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1375014                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          291                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1281919                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1884                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       214033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       493759                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2204810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1659110     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221145     10.03%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122065      5.54%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80576      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73392      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22936      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16119      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5782      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3685      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2204810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1288     41.36%     52.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1470     47.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056034     82.38%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23610      1.84%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126692      9.88%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75442      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1281919                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.518477                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3114                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002429                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4773646                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1589399                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1258495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5952                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29679                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5038                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1008                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        42629                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         29107                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1615                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1375305                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139576                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76949                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          918                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11052                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12578                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        23630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1263173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18746                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             195144                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         171227                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            75310                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.510895                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1258597                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1258495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          744749                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1891024                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.509003                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.393834                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       930607                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1134964                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241410                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        20801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2162181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1702356     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       218845     10.12%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90904      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46555      2.15%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34812      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19835      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12231      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10307      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26336      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2162181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       930607                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1134964                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               181808                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              109897                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           157656                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1026108                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        22155                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        26336                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3512219                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2795385                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 33322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                267661                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            930607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1134964                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       930607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.656837                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.656837                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.376387                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.376387                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5732809                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1720318                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1309132                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         192510                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169214                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17445                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118013                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114851                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12571                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          563                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1971053                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1091465                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            192510                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       127422                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              240645                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         56643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        28739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          121197                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16980                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2279542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.811310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2038897     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          33841      1.48%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20033      0.88%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          33245      1.46%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          12408      0.54%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          30458      1.34%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5463      0.24%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9941      0.44%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          95256      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2279542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077861                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.441447                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1955302                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        45184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          240010                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          299                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        38743                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        20384                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1235801                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        38743                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1957358                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         23773                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        15351                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          238064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6249                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1233429                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1635530                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5614467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5614467                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1292109                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         343401                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           16537                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       207452                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        39184                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          430                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8854                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1224820                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135457                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1201                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       242257                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       511623                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2279542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.123727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1786085     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161677      7.09%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154910      6.80%     92.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92796      4.07%     96.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52883      2.32%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14167      0.62%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16291      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          405      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          328      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2279542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2302     59.95%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          842     21.93%     81.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          696     18.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       899933     79.26%     79.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9711      0.86%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187034     16.47%     96.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38691      3.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135457                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.459240                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3840                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003382                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4555497                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1467260                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103469                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1139297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1143                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46779                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1442                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        38743                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         17589                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          814                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1224992                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207452                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39184                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          456                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10322                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        18574                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1118016                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183619                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             222299                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         167861                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            38680                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.452186                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1103964                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1103469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          664607                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1510201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.446302                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.440079                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       859337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps       979991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245036                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        17169                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2240799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1868969     83.41%     83.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150649      6.72%     90.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91857      4.10%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30095      1.34%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47092      2.10%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10240      0.46%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6735      0.30%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5931      0.26%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29231      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2240799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       859337                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps       979991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               198412                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              160670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           149089                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          860274                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        29231                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3436595                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2488830                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 44700                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                192929                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            859337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              979991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       859337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.877184                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.877184                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.347562                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.347562                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5170072                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1454248                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1284773                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         192494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169206                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17645                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117470                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114409                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12598                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          562                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1969648                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1091759                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            192494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       127007                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              240509                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         57304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        27566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          121243                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17166                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2277290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.813653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2036781     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          33763      1.48%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20055      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          33052      1.45%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12358      0.54%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          30292      1.33%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5427      0.24%     95.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10057      0.44%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          95505      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2277290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077855                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.441566                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1953798                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        44127                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          239848                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39207                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        20387                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1236675                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39207                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1955934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         23656                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        14406                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          237839                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6244                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1234190                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1636462                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5619023                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5619023                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1289598                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         346838                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           16645                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       207801                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        39096                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          367                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8823                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225374                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134977                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1174                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       518414                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2277290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1784411     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161678      7.10%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154164      6.77%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92474      4.06%     96.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        53289      2.34%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14332      0.63%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16191      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          421      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          330      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2277290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2276     59.74%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          839     22.02%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          695     18.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       899763     79.28%     79.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9716      0.86%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       186806     16.46%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38604      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134977                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.459046                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3810                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003357                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4552227                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1470511                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1102432                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138787                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1072                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47756                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1354                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39207                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         17424                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           66                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207801                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39096                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          491                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10286                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8459                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        18745                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1117124                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             221783                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         167523                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            38594                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.451825                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1102921                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1102432                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          664208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1512233                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.445883                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.439223                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       857212                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       977866                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247707                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        17371                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2238083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.436921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1866975     83.42%     83.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150402      6.72%     90.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91493      4.09%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30181      1.35%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47025      2.10%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10267      0.46%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6736      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5948      0.27%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29056      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2238083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       857212                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       977866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               197781                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              160039                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           148735                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          858503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        29056                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3434600                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2490398                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 44779                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                195181                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            857212                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              977866                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       857212                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.884317                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.884317                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.346703                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.346703                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5165050                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1453438                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1284405                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         192532                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169314                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17673                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117657                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114612                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12605                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1970594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1092016                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            192532                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       127217                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              240619                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         57337                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        28190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          121347                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17190                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2278975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.812825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2038356     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          33636      1.48%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20130      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          33094      1.45%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12459      0.55%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          30407      1.33%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5495      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9953      0.44%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          95445      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2278975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077870                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.441670                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1954165                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        45320                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          239956                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39212                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        20319                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1237026                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39212                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1956319                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         24300                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        14779                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          237959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6402                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1234556                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1636896                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5620510                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5620510                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1290364                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         346506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           16925                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       207835                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        39053                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          409                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8787                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225673                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135370                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1193                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244621                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       518466                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2278975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1785792     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161808      7.10%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154364      6.77%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92640      4.06%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        53068      2.33%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14268      0.63%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16275      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          428      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          332      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2278975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2270     59.61%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          841     22.09%     81.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          697     18.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       899922     79.26%     79.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9712      0.86%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187070     16.48%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38578      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135370                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459205                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3808                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003354                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4554716                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1470475                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1102862                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1139178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1088                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47596                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1311                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39212                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         17844                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          836                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225845                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207835                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39053                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10394                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8429                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        18823                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1117683                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183446                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             222014                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         167564                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            38568                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452051                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1103347                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1102862                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          664455                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1512951                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.446057                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.439178                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       857858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       978512                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247362                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        17399                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2239763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.436882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1868372     83.42%     83.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150492      6.72%     90.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91634      4.09%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30157      1.35%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47086      2.10%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10285      0.46%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6718      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5948      0.27%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29071      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2239763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       857858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       978512                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               197974                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              160232                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           148843                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          859041                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        29071                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3436566                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2491007                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 44845                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                193496                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            857858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              978512                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       857858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.882145                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.882145                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.346964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.346964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5167807                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1454105                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1284760                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         192218                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173181                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12033                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71217                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66649                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10453                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          548                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2017688                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1206593                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            192218                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        77102                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              237863                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         38252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        52317                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          117728                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2333821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2095958     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           8355      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17471      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           7033      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          38765      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          34863      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6544      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          14151      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         110681      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2333821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077743                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.488011                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2005640                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        64799                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          236834                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        25747                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        16901                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1414396                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        25747                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2008398                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         44962                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        12496                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          234993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         7219                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1412569                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         2887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          175                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1667964                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6646743                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6646743                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1437049                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         230915                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           19975                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       329538                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       165245                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1550                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         7999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407275                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1339777                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1008                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132815                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       326017                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2333821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1857705     79.60%     79.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142647      6.11%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       116960      5.01%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50607      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64294      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61816      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35133      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2937      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1722      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2333821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3394     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26163     86.20%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          793      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844546     63.04%     63.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11660      0.87%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318837     23.80%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164654     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1339777                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541878                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30350                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022653                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5044733                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540308                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1325841                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2324                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        25747                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         41422                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1830                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407444                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329538                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165245                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1266                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6232                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7595                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        13827                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1328628                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317566                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             482193                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         173516                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           164627                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.537368                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1325977                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1325841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          717744                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1419846                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.536241                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.505508                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1066579                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1253494                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154120                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        12055                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1852844     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166557      7.22%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77904      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77039      3.34%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20625      0.89%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89481      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7013      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4859      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11752      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1066579                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1253494                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               476608                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              312910                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           165435                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1114779                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12158                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        11752                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3703936                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2840983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 45772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                138650                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1066579                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1253494                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1066579                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.318132                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.318132                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.431382                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.431382                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6559709                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1545758                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1674033                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         192064                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173009                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11965                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86201                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66885                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          544                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2018642                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1206416                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            192064                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        77260                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              237965                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         38058                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        49853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          117716                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11811                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2332278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2094313     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           8373      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17478      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           7158      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          38679      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          34866      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6623      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          14110      0.60%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         110678      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2332278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077681                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.487939                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2006601                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        62353                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          236887                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          820                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        25611                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        16914                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1414407                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        25611                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2009296                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         42954                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        12260                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          235103                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         7048                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1411930                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         2651                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          195                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1666802                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6645456                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6645456                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1437641                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         229156                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          170                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           19710                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       329547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       165376                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1564                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8046                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1406594                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          170                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1339880                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132075                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       322348                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2332278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1855919     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142850      6.12%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117024      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50564      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64333      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61896      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35044      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2970      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1678      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2332278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3377     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26151     86.24%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          795      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844610     63.04%     63.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11667      0.87%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318816     23.79%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164707     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1339880                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541919                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30323                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022631                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5043337                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1538890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1326310                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2321                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16594                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1641                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          121                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        25611                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         39401                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1406764                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           10                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165376                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           90                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1178                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6262                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7435                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        13697                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329057                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317590                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             482262                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         173563                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           164672                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.537542                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1326459                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1326310                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          718478                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1421785                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.536431                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505335                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1066937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1253947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152915                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        11991                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1851346     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166468      7.22%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77945      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77004      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20748      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89589      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6999      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4898      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11670      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1066937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1253947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               476688                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              312953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           165494                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1115192                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12168                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        11670                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3701859                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2839344                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 45828                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                140193                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1066937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1253947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1066937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.317354                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.317354                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.431527                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.431527                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6562327                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1545950                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1673968                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         192524                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169280                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17582                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117791                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114725                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          567                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1969303                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1091429                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            192524                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       127355                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              240695                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         57069                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        28010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          121213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17103                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2277402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.812622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2036707     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          33853      1.49%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20014      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          33198      1.46%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12449      0.55%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          30448      1.34%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5454      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9927      0.44%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          95352      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2277402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077867                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.441432                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1953299                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        44725                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          240024                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          316                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39034                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        20354                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1236294                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39034                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1955448                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         23873                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        14704                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          238022                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6317                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1233764                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1635689                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5616697                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5616697                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1290935                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         344744                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           16660                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       207673                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        39111                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          384                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8823                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1224982                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135167                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1165                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243365                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2277402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1784189     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161727      7.10%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154472      6.78%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92857      4.08%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52911      2.32%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14279      0.63%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16217      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          416      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          334      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2277402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2264     59.47%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          844     22.17%     81.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          699     18.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       899857     79.27%     79.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9700      0.85%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       186917     16.47%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38605      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135167                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459122                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3807                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003354                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4552708                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468529                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1102880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1076                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47296                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1369                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39034                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         17639                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          830                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225154                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207673                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39111                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          461                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10350                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        18676                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1117511                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183332                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             221927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         167631                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            38595                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.451981                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1103368                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1102880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          664456                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1512463                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.446064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.439320                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       858343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       978997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       246170                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        17308                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2238367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1866825     83.40%     83.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150597      6.73%     90.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91611      4.09%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30132      1.35%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47171      2.11%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10247      0.46%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6742      0.30%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5925      0.26%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29117      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2238367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       858343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       978997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               198117                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              160375                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           148927                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          859442                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        29117                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3434417                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2489429                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 44774                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                195069                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            858343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              978997                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       858343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.880516                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.880516                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.347160                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.347160                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5167258                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1453821                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1284280                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         203653                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166568                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81470                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77501                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20516                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          970                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1951527                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1138819                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            203653                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        98017                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              236018                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         59987                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        46683                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          121032                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21531                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2272311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2036293     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          10872      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          16796      0.74%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23033      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          24112      1.06%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          20674      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          10948      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17355      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         112228      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2272311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082368                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1931927                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        66725                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          235433                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          371                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37851                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        33386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1395261                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37851                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1937578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         14163                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        40123                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          230183                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1394148                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1947028                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6479429                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6479429                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1656599                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         290424                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           39193                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       131084                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        69758                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        32398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1391498                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312129                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170385                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       413483                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2272311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1705187     75.04%     75.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242584     10.68%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121068      5.33%     91.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82192      3.62%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65397      2.88%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27650      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17912      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9045      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1276      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2272311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           296     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          868     36.76%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1197     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1104400     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19435      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118662      9.04%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69469      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312129                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530695                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2361                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001799                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4899194                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1562237                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1290251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314490                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2751                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23441                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1286                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37851                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         11378                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1153                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1391841                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131084                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69758                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11694                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12864                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24558                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1292372                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111658                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             181114                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         183358                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            69456                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.522705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1290328                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1290251                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          741811                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1997698                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521847                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       965534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1188075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203768                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        21704                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2234460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1735855     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       252710     11.31%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90178      4.04%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43200      1.93%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43336      1.94%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21521      0.96%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14284      0.64%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8252      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25124      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2234460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       965534                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1188075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               176113                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              107641                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           171304                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1070458                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        24465                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        25124                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3601166                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2821549                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 31462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                200160                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            965534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1188075                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       965534                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.560729                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.560729                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.390514                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.390514                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5813068                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1799706                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1293015                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         192578                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173363                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11996                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71413                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10491                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          556                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2020480                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1208085                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            192578                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        77263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              238211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         38089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        51306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          117829                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2335823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2097612     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           8416      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          17410      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7047      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          38843      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          34974      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6481      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          14251      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         110789      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2335823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077889                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.488614                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2008339                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        63874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          237189                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        25620                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17066                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1416411                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        25620                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2011121                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         43783                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        12842                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          235308                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         7143                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1414582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         2776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents            5                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1670180                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6656647                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6656647                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1441366                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         228802                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           20194                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       329768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       165535                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1409333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342826                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          964                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131986                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       322594                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2335823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1858508     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142944      6.12%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117462      5.03%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50685      2.17%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64473      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61865      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35246      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2910      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1730      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2335823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3409     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26164     86.12%     97.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          809      2.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       846950     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11733      0.87%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319178     23.77%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164885     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342826                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.543111                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30382                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022625                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5052821                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1541540                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1373208                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2333                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16552                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1656                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        25620                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         40233                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1804                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409502                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165535                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1218                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6139                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7600                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        13739                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331697                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317831                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11129                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             482669                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         174109                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           164838                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.538610                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1329037                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1328900                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          719338                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1423828                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.537478                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.505214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1069105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1256665                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152960                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        12017                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1853894     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166937      7.23%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78245      3.39%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77020      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20809      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89493      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7033      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4897      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11875      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1069105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1256665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               477093                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              313214                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           165904                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1117651                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12236                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        11875                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3707953                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2844891                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 45797                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                136648                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1069105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1256665                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1069105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.312655                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.312655                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.432403                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.432403                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6573160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1549652                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1675921                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         192409                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17688                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117457                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114291                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12571                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1968919                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1091421                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            192409                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       126862                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              240452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         57428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        27949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          121234                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17207                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2276968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.813701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2036516     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          33716      1.48%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20092      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32975      1.45%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12398      0.54%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          30283      1.33%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           5463      0.24%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10021      0.44%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          95504      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2276968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077821                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.441429                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1953353                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        44223                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          239796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          304                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        39288                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        20366                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1236541                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        39288                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1955438                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         23637                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        14651                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          237826                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1234052                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4362                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1636471                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5618992                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5618992                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1288939                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         347508                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           16406                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       207533                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        39115                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          377                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8820                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225139                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134563                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1189                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245202                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       519123                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2276968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1784457     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161533      7.09%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153907      6.76%     92.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92456      4.06%     96.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        53248      2.34%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14439      0.63%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16165      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          433      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          330      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2276968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2290     59.76%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          844     22.03%     81.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          698     18.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       899658     79.30%     79.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9716      0.86%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       186473     16.44%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38628      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134563                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.458878                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3832                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003378                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4551115                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1470522                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1101979                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1116                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47655                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1373                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        39288                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         17591                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          816                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225311                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           63                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207533                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39115                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          475                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10336                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8491                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        18827                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1116606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       182867                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             221485                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         167346                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            38618                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.451615                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1102475                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1101979                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          663886                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1513099                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.445699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.438759                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       856654                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       977308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248031                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        17414                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2237680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.436751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1866842     83.43%     83.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150262      6.72%     90.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91384      4.08%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30153      1.35%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47095      2.10%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10241      0.46%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6732      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5926      0.26%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29045      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2237680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       856654                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       977308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               197615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              159873                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           148640                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          858040                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        29045                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3433974                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2490009                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 44745                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                195503                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            856654                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              977308                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       856654                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.886196                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.886196                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.346477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.346477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5162721                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1452924                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1283836                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         204199                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167028                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21575                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81732                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77916                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20543                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          971                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1953376                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1141166                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            204199                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        98459                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              236528                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         59873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        46770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          121079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21468                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2274724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2038196     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10906      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16860      0.74%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          22866      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          24525      1.08%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          20653      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          10935      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          17355      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         112428      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2274724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082589                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461549                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1933661                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        66925                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          235937                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          377                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37820                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        33472                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1397954                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37820                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1939380                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         14650                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        39678                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          230615                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12577                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1396889                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1950187                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6492411                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6492411                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1659850                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         290332                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           39306                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       131233                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        69905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          841                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        33253                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1394321                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1314291                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171779                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416448                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2274724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1706623     75.03%     75.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242977     10.68%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120924      5.32%     91.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82722      3.64%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65777      2.89%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27558      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17802      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9138      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1203      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2274724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           312     13.15%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          871     36.72%     49.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1189     50.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1106134     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19516      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118855      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69623      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1314291                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531570                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2372                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001805                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4905942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1566454                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1292580                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316663                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2897                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23376                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1309                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37820                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         11794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394664                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131233                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          989                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11658                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12764                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1294608                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111733                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19683                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             181337                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         183690                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            69604                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523609                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1292656                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1292580                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          742787                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2001552                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522789                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       967399                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1190385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204254                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21625                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2236903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737433     77.67%     77.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253166     11.32%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90329      4.04%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43038      1.92%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43728      1.95%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21431      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14274      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8296      0.37%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25208      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2236903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       967399                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1190385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               176453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              107857                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           171643                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1072525                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        24509                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        25208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3606321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2827133                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 31391                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                197747                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            967399                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1190385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       967399                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.555792                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.555792                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391268                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391268                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5823355                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1802541                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1295620                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         192939                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157419                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20409                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78890                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73234                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19206                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          890                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1868477                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1142188                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            192939                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        92440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              234177                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         64054                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        58005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          116765                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2203574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1969397     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          12345      0.56%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19299      0.88%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          29441      1.34%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12412      0.56%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          14626      0.66%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          15236      0.69%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          10803      0.49%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         120015      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2203574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.078035                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461962                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1845245                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        81898                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          232504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        42599                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        31237                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1385396                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        42599                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1849889                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         39213                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        28288                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          229303                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        14279                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1382172                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1462                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1891530                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6443661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6443661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1557336                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         334179                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          295                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          153                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           41265                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       139895                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        77225                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3750                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        14875                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1377123                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1284386                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1924                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       213565                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       492398                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2203574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1657183     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221313     10.04%     85.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122136      5.54%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80476      3.65%     94.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73828      3.35%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22971      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16157      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5816      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3694      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2203574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           361     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     41.86%     53.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1488     46.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057851     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23645      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127033      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75715      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1284386                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.519475                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3180                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002476                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4777449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1591044                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1260897                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1287566                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5988                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29680                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5053                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1025                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        42599                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         28648                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1377418                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139895                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77225                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          153                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          887                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10962                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12639                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        23601                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1265670                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120212                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18715                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             195802                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         171438                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            75590                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.511905                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1260988                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1260897                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          746550                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1895201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.509974                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.393916                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       933056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1137778                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240859                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        20776                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2160975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1700288     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219197     10.14%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90984      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46711      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34927      1.62%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19797      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12245      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10291      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26535      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2160975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       933056                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1137778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               182387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              110215                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           157961                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1028689                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        22187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        26535                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3513077                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2799894                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 33348                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                268897                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            933056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1137778                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       933056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.649863                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.649863                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.377378                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.377378                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5744545                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1723599                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1311636                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2472471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         200590                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164309                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21452                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82647                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76668                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20388                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924078                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1147111                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            200590                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        97056                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              250878                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         61428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        58625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          120129                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21247                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2273213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2022335     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          26417      1.16%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          30926      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          17154      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          19523      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11068      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7575      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          19937      0.88%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         118278      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2273213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081129                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.463953                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1908457                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        74796                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          248818                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1851                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        39287                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        32563                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1400055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        39287                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1911705                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         13788                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        52418                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          247459                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1398499                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1945982                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6510686                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6510686                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1632172                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         313798                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           24820                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       133916                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        71857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15789                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1395221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310679                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191629                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443746                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2273213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1722460     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221033      9.72%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118751      5.22%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82129      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72426      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37163      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8877      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6016      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4358      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2273213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1367     45.16%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1318     43.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1097849     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20456      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120884      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71331      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310679                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530109                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3027                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002309                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4899444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1587245                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1287112                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        39287                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          9749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1395583                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       133916                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11758                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12489                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24247                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289911                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113174                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             184483                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         179441                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            71309                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.521709                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1287187                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1287112                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          766417                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2009290                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.520577                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381437                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       958159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220062                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2233926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1753914     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222707      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93309      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55684      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38750      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25126      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13304      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10365      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20767      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2233926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       958159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1175522                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               177868                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              108007                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           168178                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1059849                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        23919                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        20767                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3608743                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2830461                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 31460                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                199258                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            958159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1175522                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       958159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.580439                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.580439                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.387531                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.387531                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5817385                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1789574                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1304603                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4646                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32753.752886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           638103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          17.059753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1123.473715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.872456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    51.718343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.618384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    77.426759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.403350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   191.840644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.547007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   260.513600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.307252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   106.461088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.306735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   108.990738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.305232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   103.379748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.342708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   191.667056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.544687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   193.890008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.304525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   106.174154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.406510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    74.811014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.370112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   192.432131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.303613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   105.089046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.424382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    71.806549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.547841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   250.372982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.617387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    82.090894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1050.659242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1610.376252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1947.778325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2759.465605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1804.773445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1802.722580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1822.534552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1980.610956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1973.474711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1795.522617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1271.557748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1967.166850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1758.867244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1265.881024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2793.439745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1617.561340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.034286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.005855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.007950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.003249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.005849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.005917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.005873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.003207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.007641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.032064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.049145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.059441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.084212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.055077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.055015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.055619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.060443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.060226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.054795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.038805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.060033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.053676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.038632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.085249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.049364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2197                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2197                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          450                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5402                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          390                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          584                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          576                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4641                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3923241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15527003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2287543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23473703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2305921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59573279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2043257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     80608880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1867778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29219995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1986216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     29535665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1932698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     28279411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2295216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     59113295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2197941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     60023069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2034354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28701517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4135329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21802616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2165282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     57946664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2247835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     28919196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4294919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21291562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1906558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     79478391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2276417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24831517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       688226268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7376233                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7824003                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      15200236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3923241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15527003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2287543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23473703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2305921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59573279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2043257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87985113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1867778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29219995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1986216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     29535665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1932698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     28279411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2295216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     59113295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2197941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     60023069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2034354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28701517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4135329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21802616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2165282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     57946664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2247835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     28919196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4294919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21291562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1906558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     87302394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2276417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24831517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        703426504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3923241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15527003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2287543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23473703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2305921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59573279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2043257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87985113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1867778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29219995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1986216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     29535665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1932698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     28279411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2295216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     59113295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2197941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     60023069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2034354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28701517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4135329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21802616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2165282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     57946664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2247835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     28919196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4294919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21291562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1906558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     87302394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2276417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24831517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       703426504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2197                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2197                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               110                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.306785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.323711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.498084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.543147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.392713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.494885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.393075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.485350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.531440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.457062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.918182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.304094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.323711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.498084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.564797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.392713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.494885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.393075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.485350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.554913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.462113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.304094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.323711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.498084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.564797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.392713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.494885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.393075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.485350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.554913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.462113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150893.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149298.105769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152502.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149514.031847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164708.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152751.997436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157173.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150670.803738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 143675.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150618.530928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152785.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149927.233503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148669.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149626.513228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       163944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152747.532300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156995.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152730.455471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156488.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148712.523316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153160.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151407.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       154663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152090.981627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172910.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152206.294737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159071.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151003.985816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146658.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151676.318702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151761.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151411.689024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151591.688987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150535.367347                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150461.596154                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150497.386139                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150893.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149298.105769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152502.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149514.031847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164708.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152751.997436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157173.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150659.440068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 143675.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150618.530928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152785.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149927.233503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148669.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149626.513228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       163944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152747.532300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156995.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152730.455471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156488.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148712.523316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153160.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151407.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       154663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152090.981627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172910.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152206.294737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159071.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151003.985816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146658.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151566.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151761.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151411.689024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151567.874165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150893.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149298.105769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152502.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149514.031847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164708.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152751.997436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157173.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150659.440068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 143675.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150618.530928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152785.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149927.233503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148669.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149626.513228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       163944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152747.532300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156995.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152730.455471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156488.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148712.523316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153160.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151407.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       154663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152090.981627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172910.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152206.294737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159071.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151003.985816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146658.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151566.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151761.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151411.689024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151567.874165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1613                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1613                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2409838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9463991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1415142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14326468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1494341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36887080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1286523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     49470040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1112694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17922694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1228434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     18064186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1177378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17265720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1480743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     36598294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1384931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     37165430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1278827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17463524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2568102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13417832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1350627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35777433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1493233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     17857326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2723115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13082993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1150655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     48970343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1401806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15278268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    423968011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4517920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4793620                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9311540                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2409838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9463991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1415142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14326468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1494341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36887080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1286523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     53987960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1112694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17922694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1228434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     18064186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1177378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17265720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1480743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     36598294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1384931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     37165430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1278827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17463524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2568102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13417832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1350627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35777433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1493233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     17857326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2723115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13082993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1150655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     53763963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1401806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15278268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    433279551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2409838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9463991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1415142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14326468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1494341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36887080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1286523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     53987960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1112694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17922694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1228434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     18064186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1177378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17265720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1480743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     36598294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1384931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     37165430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1278827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17463524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2568102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13417832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1350627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35777433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1493233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     17857326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2723115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13082993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1150655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     53763963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1401806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15278268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    433279551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.306785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.323711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.498084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.543147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.392713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.494885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.393075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.485350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.531440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.457062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.304094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.323711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.498084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.564797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.392713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.494885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.393075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.485350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.554913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.462113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.304094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.323711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.498084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.564797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.392713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.494885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.393075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.485350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.554913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.462113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92686.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90999.913462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94342.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91251.388535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106738.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94582.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98963.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92467.364486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 85591.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92385.020619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94494.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91696.375635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90567.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91353.015873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 105767.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94569.235142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98923.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94568.524173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98371.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90484.580311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95114.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93179.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96473.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93904.023622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 114864.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93985.926316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100856.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92787.184397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88511.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93454.853053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93453.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93160.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93385.024449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92202.448980                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        92185                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92193.465347                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92686.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90999.913462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94342.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91251.388535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106738.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94582.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98963.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92445.136986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 85591.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92385.020619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94494.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91696.375635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90567.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91353.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 105767.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94569.235142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98923.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94568.524173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98371.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90484.580311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95114.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93179.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96473.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93904.023622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 114864.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93985.926316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100856.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92787.184397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88511.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93340.213542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93453.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93160.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93359.093083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92686.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90999.913462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94342.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91251.388535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106738.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94582.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98963.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92445.136986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 85591.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92385.020619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94494.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91696.375635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90567.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91353.015873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 105767.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94569.235142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98923.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94568.524173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98371.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90484.580311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95114.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93179.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96473.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93904.023622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 114864.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93985.926316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100856.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92787.184397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88511.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93340.213542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93453.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93160.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93359.093083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              472.695194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1553064.175983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.695194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.028358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5533143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5533143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5533143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5533143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5533143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5533143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153698.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153698.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153698.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153698.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153698.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153698.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4360090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4360090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4360090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4360090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4360090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4360090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155717.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155717.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155717.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155717.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155717.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155717.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             182095.951505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   116.890201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   139.109799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.456602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.543398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     88382619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88382619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       993419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     89376038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     89376038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     89376038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     89376038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104967.480998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104967.480998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82784.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82784.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104655.782201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104655.782201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104655.782201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104655.782201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     32664280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32664280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       208444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     32872724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32872724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     32872724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32872724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96354.808260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96354.808260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 69481.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69481.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96119.076023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96119.076023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96119.076023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96119.076023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              496.617521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              747247483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1503516.062374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.617521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.023426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         120206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        120206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3091006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3091006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3091006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3091006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3091006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3091006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       120225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       120225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162684.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162684.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162684.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162684.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162684.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162684.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2433614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2433614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2433614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2433614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2433614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2433614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162240.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162240.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162240.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162240.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162240.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162240.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              117749460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             158906.153846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   160.170975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    95.829025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.625668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.374332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        82893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        69520                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69520                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       152413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         152413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       152413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        152413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    199320921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    199320921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7152033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7152033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    206472954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    206472954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    206472954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    206472954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        84571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       154159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       154159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118784.815852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118784.815852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105176.955882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105176.955882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118254.841924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118254.841924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118254.841924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118254.841924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     47280630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47280630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     47280630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47280630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     47280630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47280630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97485.835052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97485.835052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97485.835052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97485.835052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97485.835052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97485.835052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.402524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              765693712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1374674.527828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.402524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         117695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        117695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2926193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2926193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2926193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2926193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2926193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2926193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       117713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       117713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       117713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       117713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       117713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162566.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162566.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162566.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162566.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162566.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162566.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2470007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2470007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2470007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2470007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2470007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2470007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176429.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176429.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176429.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176429.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176429.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176429.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  783                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              287983374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             277173.603465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   102.360968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   153.639032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.399848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.600152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       300030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        300030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       163510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       463540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         463540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       463540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        463540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    353334847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    353334847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    353334847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    353334847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    353334847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    353334847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       302816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       163510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       466326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       466326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126825.142498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126825.142498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126825.142498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126825.142498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126825.142498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126825.142498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     92323485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92323485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     92323485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92323485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     92323485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92323485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 117909.942529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117909.942529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 117909.942529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117909.942529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 117909.942529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117909.942529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              501.546230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750409221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1494839.085657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.546230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.020106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       116771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       116771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         116771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       116771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        116771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2443159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2443159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2443159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2443159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2443159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2443159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       116786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       116786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       116786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       116786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       116786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162877.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162877.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162877.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162877.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162877.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162877.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2196780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2196780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2196780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2196780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2196780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2196780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168983.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168983.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168983.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168983.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168983.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168983.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 1034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              125070968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             96954.238760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   183.956355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    72.043645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.718580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.281420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       159210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         159210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       159210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        159210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    312414312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312414312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     66108212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66108212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    378522524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    378522524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    378522524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    378522524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        90379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       161914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       161914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.025825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.016700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.016700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 133853.604113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133853.604113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 178670.843243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178670.843243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 139986.140533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139986.140533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 139986.140533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139986.140533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1670                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1670                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    116948940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116948940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7845133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7845133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    124794073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124794073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    124794073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124794073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000685                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000685                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118729.888325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118729.888325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160104.755102                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160104.755102                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120690.592843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120690.592843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120690.592843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120690.592843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              538.306506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              643368219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1193633.059369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.306506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.019722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       121183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       121183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         121183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       121183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        121183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2202644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2202644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2202644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2202644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2202644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2202644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       121197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       121197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       121197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       121197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       121197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157331.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157331.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157331.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157331.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157331.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157331.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1989678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1989678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1989678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1989678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1989678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1989678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153052.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153052.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153052.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153052.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153052.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153052.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              150642945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             200857.260000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   145.052431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   110.947569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.566611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.433389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       165269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       202837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         202837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       202837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        202837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    191547351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    191547351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    191547351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    191547351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    191547351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    191547351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       167003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       204571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       204571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110465.600346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110465.600346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110465.600346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110465.600346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110465.600346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110465.600346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51864099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51864099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51864099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51864099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51864099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51864099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104988.054656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104988.054656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104988.054656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104988.054656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104988.054656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104988.054656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              538.305999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              643368265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1193633.144712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.305999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         121229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        121229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2339223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2339223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2339223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2339223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2339223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2339223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       121243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       121243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167087.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167087.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167087.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167087.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167087.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167087.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2107354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2107354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2107354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2107354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2107354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2107354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162104.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162104.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162104.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162104.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162104.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162104.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              150642608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             202204.842953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   144.818351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   111.181649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.565697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.434303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       164932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        164932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       202500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         202500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       202500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        202500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    190278120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    190278120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    190278120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    190278120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    190278120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    190278120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       166649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       204217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       204217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110820.104834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110820.104834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110820.104834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110820.104834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110820.104834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110820.104834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     51668079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51668079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     51668079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51668079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     51668079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51668079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105660.693252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105660.693252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105660.693252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105660.693252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105660.693252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105660.693252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              538.304466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              643368369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1193633.337662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.304466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         121333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        121333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2309239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2309239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2309239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2309239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2309239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2309239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       121347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       121347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164945.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164945.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164945.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164945.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164945.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164945.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2075198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2075198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2075198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2075198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2075198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2075198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159630.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159630.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159630.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159630.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159630.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159630.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              150642840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             201934.101877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   144.829180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   111.170820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.565739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.434261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       165164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       202732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         202732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       202732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        202732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    188788441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    188788441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    188788441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    188788441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    188788441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    188788441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       166890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       204458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       204458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109379.166280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109379.166280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109379.166280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109379.166280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109379.166280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109379.166280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1236                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1236                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     50902612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50902612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     50902612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50902612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     50902612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50902612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103882.881633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103882.881633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103882.881633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103882.881633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103882.881633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103882.881633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              556.341814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              765693728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1374674.556553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.341814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       117711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       117711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         117711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       117711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        117711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2965309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2965309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2965309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2965309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2965309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2965309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       117728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       117728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       117728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       117728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       117728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174429.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174429.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174429.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174429.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174429.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174429.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2528219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2528219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2528219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2528219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2528219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2528219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180587.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180587.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180587.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180587.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180587.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180587.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              287983088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             277440.354528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   102.229584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   153.770416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.399334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.600666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       299717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       163537                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163537                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       463254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         463254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       463254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        463254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    359053528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    359053528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    359053528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    359053528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    359053528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    359053528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       302534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       163537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       466071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       466071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 127459.541356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127459.541356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 127459.541356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127459.541356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 127459.541356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127459.541356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2035                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2035                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92448123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92448123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92448123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92448123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92448123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92448123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118220.106138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118220.106138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118220.106138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118220.106138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118220.106138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118220.106138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              556.543860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              765693717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1374674.536804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.543860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.021705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         117700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        117700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2700041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2700041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2700041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2700041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2700041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2700041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       117716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       117716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168752.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168752.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168752.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168752.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168752.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168752.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2359118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2359118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2359118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2359118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2359118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2359118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168508.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168508.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168508.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168508.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168508.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168508.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              287983133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             276375.367562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   102.196004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   153.803996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.399203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.600797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       299726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       163574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       463300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         463300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       463300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        463300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    357727134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    357727134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    357727134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    357727134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    357727134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    357727134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       302550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       163574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       466124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       466124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126673.914306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126673.914306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126673.914306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126673.914306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126673.914306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126673.914306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     92887037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92887037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     92887037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92887037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     92887037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92887037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118176.891858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118176.891858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118176.891858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118176.891858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118176.891858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118176.891858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              538.303742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              643368235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1193633.089054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.303742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.019718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         121199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        121199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2424031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2424031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2424031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2424031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2424031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2424031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       121213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       121213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173145.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173145.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173145.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173145.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173145.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173145.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2195064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2195064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2195064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2195064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2195064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2195064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168851.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168851.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168851.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168851.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168851.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168851.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              150642763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             201663.672021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   144.816829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   111.183171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.565691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.434309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       165087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       202655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         202655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       202655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        202655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188193121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    188193121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188193121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    188193121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188193121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    188193121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       166789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       204357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       204357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110571.751469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110571.751469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110571.751469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110571.751469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110571.751469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110571.751469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51685493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51685493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51685493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51685493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51685493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51685493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105265.769857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105265.769857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105265.769857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105265.769857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105265.769857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105265.769857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              502.390291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              746682538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1484458.326044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.390291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.043895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         121000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        121000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5359661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5359661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5359661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5359661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5359661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5359661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       121032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       121032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167489.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167489.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167489.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167489.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167489.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167489.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4721148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4721148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4721148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4721148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4721148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4721148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168612.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168612.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168612.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168612.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168612.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168612.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              112794315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             170641.928896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   158.755061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    97.244939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.620137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.379863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        81747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        68137                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68137                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       149884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         149884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       149884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        149884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    157938346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157938346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1402495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1402495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    159340841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    159340841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    159340841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    159340841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        68152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       151204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       151204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121025.552490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121025.552490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93499.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93499.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120712.758333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120712.758333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120712.758333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120712.758333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41272330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41272330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       245388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       245388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41517718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41517718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41517718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41517718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102667.487562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102667.487562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        81796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        81796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102512.883951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102512.883951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102512.883951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102512.883951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              556.369283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              765693830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1374674.739677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.369283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       117813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       117813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         117813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       117813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        117813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2673297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2673297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2673297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2673297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2673297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2673297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       117829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       117829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       117829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       117829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       117829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167081.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167081.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167081.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167081.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167081.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167081.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2323461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2323461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2323461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2323461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2323461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2323461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165961.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165961.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165961.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165961.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165961.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165961.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  785                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              287983430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             276641.143132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   102.527234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   153.472766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.400497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.599503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       299878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       163718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       463596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         463596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       463596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        463596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    354564952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    354564952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    354564952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    354564952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    354564952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    354564952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       302718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       163718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       466436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       466436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124846.814085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124846.814085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124846.814085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124846.814085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 124846.814085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124846.814085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2055                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2055                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     91533198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91533198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     91533198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91533198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     91533198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91533198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116602.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116602.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116602.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116602.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116602.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116602.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              538.302815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              643368256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1193633.128015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.302815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         121220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        121220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2675800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2675800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2675800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2675800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2675800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2675800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       121234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       121234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 191128.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191128.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 191128.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191128.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 191128.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191128.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2425701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2425701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2425701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2425701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2425701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2425701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 186592.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186592.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 186592.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186592.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 186592.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186592.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              150642248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             202204.359732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   144.775445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   111.224555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.565529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.434471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       164572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        164572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       202140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         202140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       202140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        202140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    190553673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    190553673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    190553673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    190553673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    190553673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    190553673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       166278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       203846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       203846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       203846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       203846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111696.174091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111696.174091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111696.174091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111696.174091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111696.174091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111696.174091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     51960812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51960812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     51960812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51960812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     51960812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51960812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106259.329243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106259.329243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106259.329243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106259.329243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106259.329243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106259.329243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              502.408108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              746682586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1484458.421471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.408108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.043923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         121048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        121048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5621738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5621738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5621738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5621738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5621738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5621738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       121079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       121079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 181346.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181346.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 181346.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181346.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 181346.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181346.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4903785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4903785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4903785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4903785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4903785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4903785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175135.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175135.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175135.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175135.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175135.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175135.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              112794308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             170900.466667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   158.876042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    97.123958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.620610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.379390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        81616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        68261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       149877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         149877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       149877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        149877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157285949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157285949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1470870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1470870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    158756819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    158756819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    158756819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    158756819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        68276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       151200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       151200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120249.196483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120249.196483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        98058                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98058                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119997.595616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119997.595616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119997.595616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119997.595616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     40895886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40895886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       262611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       262611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     41158497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41158497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     41158497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41158497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101984.753117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101984.753117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        87537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101877.467822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101877.467822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101877.467822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101877.467822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.547097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750409200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1494839.043825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.547097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       116750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       116750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         116750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       116750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        116750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2244409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2244409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2244409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2244409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2244409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2244409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       116765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       116765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       116765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       116765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       116765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149627.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149627.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149627.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149627.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149627.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149627.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2025658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2025658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2025658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2025658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2025658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2025658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155819.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155819.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155819.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155819.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155819.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155819.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1038                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125071550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             96654.984544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   183.648553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    72.351447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.717377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.282623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        88386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        71402                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71402                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         159788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        159788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    303609024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    303609024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     69439049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69439049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    373048073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    373048073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    373048073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    373048073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        90676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       162469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       162469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005446                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005446                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 132580.359825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132580.359825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 177593.475703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177593.475703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 139145.122342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139145.122342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 139145.122342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139145.122342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    117114669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117114669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8345728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8345728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125460397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125460397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125460397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125460397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118777.554767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118777.554767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160494.769231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160494.769231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120867.434489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120867.434489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120867.434489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120867.434489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              496.616505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              747247387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1503515.869215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.616505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.023424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       120110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       120110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         120110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       120110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        120110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3039908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3039908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3039908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3039908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3039908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3039908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       120129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       120129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       120129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       120129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       120129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159995.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159995.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159995.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159995.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159995.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159995.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2436863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2436863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2436863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162457.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162457.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162457.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162457.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162457.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162457.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              117749321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             158905.966262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   160.082013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    95.917987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.625320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.374680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        82816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        69458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       152274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         152274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       152274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        152274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    202057059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202057059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7165803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7165803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    209222862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    209222862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    209222862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    209222862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        84496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        69526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       154022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       154022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120272.058929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120272.058929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105379.455882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105379.455882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119692.712815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119692.712815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119692.712815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119692.712815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     48100094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48100094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     48100094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48100094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     48100094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48100094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99175.451546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99175.451546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99175.451546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99175.451546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99175.451546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99175.451546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
