
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106614                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106614006777                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               631441600314                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 308768                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   394289                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1904710                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67620552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55973.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17282919092                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22069871045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3619712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3634304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2492160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1808896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1396224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1406976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2499968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1428096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2498176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4029952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1406336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1751680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4035840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1693824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1686784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2428544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             37894784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9426560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9426560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        28279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        28393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        19470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        14132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        10908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        10992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        19531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        11157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        19517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        31484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        10987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        13685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        31530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        13233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        13178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        18973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                296053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           73645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                73645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33951561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     34088429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23375540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16966776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        44422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13096065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13196915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23448776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13395013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23431968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        48024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     37799461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        43221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13190912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        50425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     16430111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     37854688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     15887443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     15821411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        40820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     22778846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               355439075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48024                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        44422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48024                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        48024                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        43221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        50425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49224                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49224                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        40820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             725158                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          88417651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               88417651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          88417651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33951561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        45623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     34088429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        42021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23375540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        48024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16966776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        44422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13096065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        42021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13196915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        42021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23448776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        48024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13395013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        40820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23431968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        48024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     37799461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        43221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13190912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        50425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     16430111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        49224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     37854688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        49224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     15887443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        45623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     15821411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        40820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     22778846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              443856726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20733146                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16955722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022298                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8573533                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8179554                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133715                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89893                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201218464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117682101                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20733146                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10313269                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24660510                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5878669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3526879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12372186                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2038349                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233217797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      208557287     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1338016      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2112708      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3364851      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1390290      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1552649      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1663600      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1083204      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12155192      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233217797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081094                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460291                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199363621                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5396202                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24583830                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62668                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3811473                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3399916                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143701379                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3811473                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199670377                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1722307                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      2787166                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24345633                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       880836                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143620973                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        25542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       247157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       332790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41429                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199403654                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668130965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668130965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29161812                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20052                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2650789                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13676903                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7356037                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221524                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1671552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143422514                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36619                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135742098                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166664                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18198094                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40496105                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3414                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233217797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175993169     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22963851      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12556133      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8562457      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8010786      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2303183      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1798608      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       608977      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420633      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233217797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31613     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97858     38.68%     51.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123527     48.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113711493     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2147476      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12545781      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7320887      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135742098                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530929                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252998                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505121654                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161658723                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133561869                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135995096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       409387                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2440505                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          316                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1529                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       213020                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8469                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3811473                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1158052                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121640                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143459269                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50104                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13676903                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7356037                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20034                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89334                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1529                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183355                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153053                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2336408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133811700                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11798055                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1930397                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19117187                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18825358                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7319132                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523378                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133562971                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133561869                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78088097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204025083                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522401                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382738                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20884890                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2065222                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229406324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179644983     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24100548     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9383060      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5052954      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3783666      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113706      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304051      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165282      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2858074      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229406324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379415                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236398                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2858074                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370007060                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290730669                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3246036                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22451285                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574596                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.556691                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.556691                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.391131                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.391131                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603433466                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185140082                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134036550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20733909                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16955591                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2020656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8544038                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8175270                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133788                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89659                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201216536                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            117685029                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20733909                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10309058                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24652226                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5876073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3512595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12370501                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2036922                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    233192319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      208540093     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1331419      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2103823      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3362836      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1395081      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1556053      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1661571      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1089571      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12151872      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    233192319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081097                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460302                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      199365937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5378159                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24574836                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        62889                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3810495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3400539                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          468                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    143709926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         3059                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3810495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      199665304                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1721786                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2776138                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24344020                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       874571                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    143635225                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        24605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       248207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       330476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38605                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    199416991                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    668190679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    668190679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    170256869                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       29160101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        36465                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20003                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2638552                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13679981                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7355591                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673305                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        143453017                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       135764173                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166701                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18213453                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40540867                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3364                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233192319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175964811     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22961929      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12554040      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8561307      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8017637      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2305809      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1796914      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       609810      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420062      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233192319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31687     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97576     38.61%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123474     48.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113732094     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2148358      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16462      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12545901      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7321358      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    135764173                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.531015                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252737                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505140103                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161704541                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133588426                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    136016910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       410983                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2442615                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          329                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1537                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       211969                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8457                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3810495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1157012                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143489729                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13679981                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7355591                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19984                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89109                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1537                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181054                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153289                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2334343                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133837174                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11798312                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1926999                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           19117991                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18827146                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7319679                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523478                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            133589484                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           133588426                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        78101062                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       204076870                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522505                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100008717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    122585368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20904598                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2063618                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229381824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179617349     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24101564     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9381219      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5054610      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3786618      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113481      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303367      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165471      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2858145      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229381824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    100008717                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    122585368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18380984                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11237362                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17596734                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       110458474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2490305                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2858145                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          370012969                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         290790668                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3245354                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              22476763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         100008717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           122585368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    100008717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.556468                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.556468                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.391165                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.391165                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      603547390                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     185174174                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     134041079                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        33172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19403046                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17326198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1547182                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12991652                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12673013                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164115                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46922                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205102899                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            110175505                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19403046                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13837128                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24572282                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5068104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3091379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12408537                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518615                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    236278839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      211706557     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3748188      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1891020      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3709320      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1188770      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3433549      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         540933      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         872007      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9188495      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    236278839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075891                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430930                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      202627490                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5613756                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24523742                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19746                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3494101                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1831597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18155                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    123243667                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        34336                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3494101                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      202904282                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3389710                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1377789                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24268106                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       844847                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    123065617                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        95764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       676096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    161293225                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    557734174                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    557734174                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    130861353                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30431852                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16526                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8366                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1833433                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     22202772                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3603252                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23177                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       818110                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        122427843                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16586                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       114666174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74162                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22032093                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45115519                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236278839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185963815     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15892650      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16810101      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9762748      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5032490      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259488      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1493952      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34794      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28801      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236278839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192295     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78447     23.38%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64744     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89918040     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898721      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8161      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20268572     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572680      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    114666174                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.448494                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335486                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466020835                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144476814                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111760535                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    115001660                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89917                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4515735                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          303                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82307                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3494101                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2295954                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122444507                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22202772                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3603252                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8364                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41017                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2277                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          303                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045778                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594096                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1639874                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113213508                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19978998                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1452666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23551465                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17213235                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3572467                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.442813                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            111785950                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           111760535                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        67633953                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       147262236                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.437130                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459276                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89051199                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    100254964                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22194453                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1537469                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232784738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195459927     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14664781      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9420405      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964339      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4923691      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959121      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608383      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557039      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3227052      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232784738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     89051199                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    100254964                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21207979                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            17687034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15382377                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        87613650                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1253384                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3227052                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          352006765                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         248395693                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4560445                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19390243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          89051199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           100254964                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     89051199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.871035                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.871035                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348306                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348306                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      526248430                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     145620722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     130901260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21054829                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17227308                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2062484                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8885473                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8303848                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2178367                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94049                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203013369                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            117667155                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21054829                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10482215                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24582899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5604754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4754989                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12420004                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2064231                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    235866748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      211283849     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1152610      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1825160      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2469515      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2539262      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2145886      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1198810      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1783529      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11468127      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    235866748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082352                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      200951416                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6834124                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24539261                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        26828                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3515116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3465531                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    144413602                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3515116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      201502700                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1405784                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4168007                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24021869                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1253269                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    144360594                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       171543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       546274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    201454650                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    671544784                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    671544784                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    174930227                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26524414                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        36135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18939                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3747571                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13525341                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7325704                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86065                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1757134                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        144187402                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36263                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       137059570                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18761                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15734642                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37491568                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1583                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235866748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177823371     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23899098     10.13%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12105396      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9099110      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7148384      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2890842      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1824680      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       950412      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125455      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235866748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25594     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83442     36.62%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118842     52.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115276885     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2040783      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17194      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12422260      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7302448      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    137059570                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536082                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227878                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510232526                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159958882                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134996173                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    137287448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277864                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2161283                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          579                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96225                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3515116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1121640                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122437                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144223809                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52419                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13525341                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7325704                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103589                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          579                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1203309                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2357047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135160220                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11689335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1899349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18991484                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19215287                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7302149                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528653                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            134996434                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           134996173                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        77495177                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       208798614                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528011                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371148                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101972554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    125476038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18747782                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34680                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2088498                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232351632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180866752     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25523147     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9637331      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4592193      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3884721      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2223017      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1935045      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       877997      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2811429      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232351632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    101972554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    125476038                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18593531                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11364052                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17302                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18093702                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       113052541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2583826                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2811429                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          373763321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         291962825                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3077971                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19802334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         101972554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           125476038                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    101972554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.507234                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.507234                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398846                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398846                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      608343582                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     188058368                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     133868376                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        34648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       23167057                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19289563                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2103605                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8885150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8482206                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2492093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97661                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201627831                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            127085808                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          23167057                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10974299                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            26491836                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5845039                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6855671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12517001                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2010810                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    238697679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      212205843     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1625647      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2057338      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3261437      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1362516      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1757481      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2049777      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         935736      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13441904      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    238697679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090613                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497071                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      200442469                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      8155037                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        26365627                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        12756                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3721789                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3525470                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          552                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    155305577                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3721789                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      200645947                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        650256                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      6936963                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        26175113                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       567603                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    154347004                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        82122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       395645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    215611127                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    717768901                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    717768901                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    180606938                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       35004184                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37552                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19641                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1994323                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14423250                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7561145                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85053                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1714553                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        150717368                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37684                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       144677161                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141763                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18146312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36779451                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1558                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238697679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177383692     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27972570     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11436757      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6405450      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8674028      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2668979      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2631271      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1413362      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111570      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238697679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997130     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132994     10.56%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129027     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121888034     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1978235      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17911      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13254434      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7538547      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    144677161                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565877                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1259151                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008703                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529452915                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168902061                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140921166                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    145936312                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       108155                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2684744                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          700                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101888                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           23                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3721789                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        495177                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61898                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150755057                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117533                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14423250                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7561145                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19641                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53943                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          700                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1248216                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1179654                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2427870                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142162448                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13041839                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2514713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20579693                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       20108492                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7537854                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.556041                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            140921630                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           140921166                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        84433081                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       226767127                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.551186                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372334                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105072728                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    129474103                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21281584                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36126                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2121633                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234975890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180177430     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27769724     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10082341      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5028211      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4592272      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1931863      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1907976      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909779      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2576294      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234975890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    105072728                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    129474103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19197760                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11738503                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             18022                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18767019                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       116568802                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2673614                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2576294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          383154555                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         305233186                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3052355                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              16971403                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         105072728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           129474103                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    105072728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.433258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.433258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410972                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410972                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      639692563                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     196926787                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     143680209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        36096                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       23160672                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19285605                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2104773                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8871266                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8475546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2492936                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98195                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201603454                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            127074132                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          23160672                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10968482                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            26488177                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5848419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6812308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12516989                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011818                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    238628466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      212140289     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1624922      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2050018      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3262239      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1369952      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1755488      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2050801      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         935041      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13439716      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    238628466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090588                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.497026                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      200416901                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      8112866                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        26362159                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        12566                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3723973                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3523041                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          555                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    155296422                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2641                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3723973                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      200619797                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        651570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      6894671                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        26172033                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       566414                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    154340295                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        81882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       395016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    215597938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    717747022                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    717747022                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    180546970                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       35050963                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        37585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19680                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1990037                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14427610                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7558714                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84990                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1712618                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        150689094                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       144646596                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142757                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18157975                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36825017                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1606                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238628466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177330798     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27965658     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11428320      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6403574      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8677586      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2668981      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2628075      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1413915      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111559      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238628466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996331     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133350     10.59%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128998     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121859541     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1978182      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17905      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13255247      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7535721      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    144646596                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.565757                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1258679                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008702                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529323094                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168885483                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140885227                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    145905275                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107577                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2693003                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          698                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101934                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           53                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3723973                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        496350                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62364                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150726822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14427610                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7558714                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19680                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54428                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          698                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1249870                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1178885                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2428755                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142127313                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13038789                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2519283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20574050                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       20099867                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7535261                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.555903                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            140885571                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           140885227                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        84410494                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       226731055                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.551045                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105037833                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    129431107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21296304                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36114                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2122809                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234904493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180124359     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27761455     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10078650      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5025705      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4590486      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1931035      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1907185      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909936      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575682      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234904493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    105037833                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    129431107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             19191387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11734607                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             18016                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18760776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       116530110                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2672731                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2575682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          383055494                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         305178816                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3054073                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              17040616                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         105037833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           129431107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    105037833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.434067                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.434067                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.410835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.410835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      639536704                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     196878984                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     143662888                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        36084                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              255669058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19399159                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17322312                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546620                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13008686                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12671599                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165017                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46883                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205099627                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            110159138                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19399159                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13836616                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24568408                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5066338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3092983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12407707                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518129                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    236272064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      211703656     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3747307      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1890088      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3708572      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1189141      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3433598      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         541391      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         871796      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9186515      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    236272064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075876                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430866                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      202648975                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5590460                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24520005                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19745                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3492875                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1831463                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18147                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    123226699                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        34302                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3492875                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      202922876                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3371755                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1379086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24266379                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       839089                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    123051389                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        95525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       670214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    161272301                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    557672488                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    557672488                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    130853846                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30418331                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16510                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8349                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1823245                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     22201291                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3602939                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23403                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       819029                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        122416059                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       114660371                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74067                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22026319                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45106867                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236272064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185959666     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15890678      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16811459      7.12%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9760798      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5032761      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259370      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1493679      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34811      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28842      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236272064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192095     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78451     23.40%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64695     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89911062     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898588      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8161      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20270354     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572206      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    114660371                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.448472                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335241                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466002114                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144459260                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111753323                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    114995612                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89234                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4516133                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          325                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82004                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3492875                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2292445                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103223                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122432720                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22201291                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3602939                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8348                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40957                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2291                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          325                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045733                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593149                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1638882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113208889                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19979466                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1451482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           23551487                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17211463                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3572021                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.442795                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            111778797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           111753323                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67626243                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       147253899                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.437101                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.459249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89044838                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    100248603                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22188949                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16458                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1536924                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232779189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195453882     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14664849      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9422428      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964281      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4922401      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960077      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608405      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557292      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3225574      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232779189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     89044838                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    100248603                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21206061                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            17685126                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15381329                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        87608329                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1253380                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3225574                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          351990829                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         248370876                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4560381                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19396994                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          89044838                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           100248603                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     89044838                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.871240                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.871240                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.348282                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.348282                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      526225221                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     145613615                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     130882390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16440                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23167772                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19290152                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2104739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8845394                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8477390                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2493056                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97441                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201546214                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            127080089                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23167772                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10970446                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26490930                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5859917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6845211                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12515491                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2012064                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    238618436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      212127506     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1624506      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2052585      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3258397      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1364208      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1756815      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2047969      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         938606      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13447844      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    238618436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090616                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.497049                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      200357800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      8147840                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26364790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        12480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3735525                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3526017                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          557                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    155345166                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2259                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3735525                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      200561283                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        650469                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      6929765                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26173758                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       567628                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    154387397                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        81625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       396024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    215641596                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    717956781                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    717956781                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    180493352                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       35148240                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37309                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19409                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1997622                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14458142                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7560760                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85495                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1716015                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        150757613                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37446                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       144646263                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144387                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18257131                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37160877                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1341                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238618436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177326637     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27956442     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11431673      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6403060      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8675064      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2672486      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2628556      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1412871      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111647      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238618436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996661     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       135970     10.78%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128969     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121859433     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1977099      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17900      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13253898      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7537933      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    144646263                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565756                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261600                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529316949                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169052882                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140884475                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    145907863                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107617                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2727051                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          695                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106205                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           36                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3735525                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        494966                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62307                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150795064                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14458142                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7560760                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19409                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          695                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1246453                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1184542                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2430995                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142128453                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13036818                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2517810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20574132                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       20101968                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7537314                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555908                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            140884904                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           140884475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        84414288                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       226769581                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.551042                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372247                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105006645                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    129392574                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21403132                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36105                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2122769                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234882911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180119473     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27755638     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10074646      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5020333      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4591560      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1926375      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1910816      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908926      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575144      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234882911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    105006645                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    129392574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19185646                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11731091                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             18012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18755171                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       116495423                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2671927                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2575144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          383102745                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         305326952                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3056423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              17050646                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         105006645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           129392574                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    105006645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.434790                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.434790                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      639508585                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     196871423                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     143667966                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        36074                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19397993                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17321634                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546298                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13010196                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12673502                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165096                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        47004                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205121388                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            110162174                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19397993                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13838598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24570323                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5065580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3111449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12408450                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1517995                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    236313775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      211743452     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3747351      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1891997      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3708652      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1187878      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3435341      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         540696      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         872088      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        9186320      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    236313775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075871                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.430878                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      202652327                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5627227                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24522023                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3492437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1831054                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        18155                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    123231289                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        34301                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3492437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      202928178                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       3397572                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1383740                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24267015                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       844829                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    123055020                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        95520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       676179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    161268914                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    557695145                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    557695145                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    130868886                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       30400024                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16524                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8362                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1832093                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     22206089                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3603042                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23506                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       819138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        122423480                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       114671903                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22022698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45084335                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236313775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185991970     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15896462      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16814165      7.12%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9762526      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5032603      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259735      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1492591      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34884      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28839      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236313775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192135     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78546     23.42%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64742     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89918244     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898839      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8162      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20274017     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572641      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    114671903                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.448517                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335423                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466066924                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144463067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111765835                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    115007326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89580                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4517507                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          313                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82023                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3492437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2308287                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103753                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122440155                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22206089                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3603042                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8361                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40931                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2284                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          313                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046154                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1638447                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113219247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19981952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1452654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           23554385                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17213021                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3572433                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.442835                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            111791283                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           111765835                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        67637400                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       147281088                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.437150                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.459240                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89057126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    100261035                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22184075                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16463                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1536595                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232821338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195493433     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14665855      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9422164      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964838      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4922366      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960226      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608368      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557168      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3226920      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232821338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     89057126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    100261035                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             21209597                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            17688580                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8214                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15383329                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        87618805                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1253401                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3226920                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          352039190                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         248385418                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4560984                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19355307                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          89057126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           100261035                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     89057126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.870844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.870844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.348330                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.348330                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      526282740                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     145623224                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     130890399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16446                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19895655                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17953057                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1041239                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7534848                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7115049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100296                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46129                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210923423                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            125169424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19895655                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8215345                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24751294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3269195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      5027384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12105209                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1046612                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    242904050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      218152756     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         883794      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1806307      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         759272      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4116123      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3659967      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         709889      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1483870      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11332072      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    242904050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077818                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.489576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      209747854                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      6215725                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24661088                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        77939                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2201441                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1746176                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    146773691                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2784                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2201441                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      209959861                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       4472773                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1078479                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24541412                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       650081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    146698416                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       277327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       235736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4233                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    172216739                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    690984325                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    690984325                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    152874267                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       19342472                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        17028                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8595                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1643908                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     34622532                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     17517084                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160626                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       852989                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        146417313                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17081                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       140819412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11224690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26878074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242904050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192894831     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14954256      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12294176      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5314389      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6737116      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6528874      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3704919      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292623      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182866      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242904050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356725     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2779833     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80531      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88327112     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230220      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8433      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33774711     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17478936     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    140819412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.550788                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3217089                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527833262                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157662677                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139620316                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    144036501                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252948                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1321309                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          572                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3600                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105079                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12471                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2201441                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       4103268                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185792                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146434484                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34622532                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17517084                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8595                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           93                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3600                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606883                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614203                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1221086                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139836308                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33659776                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       983104                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           51137279                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18321223                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         17477503                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546943                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            139624835                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           139620316                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        75398287                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       148529825                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.546098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507631                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113471891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    133347840                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13100749                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16998                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1064158                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240702609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192369864     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17620641      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8272983      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8184542      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2224167      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9524107      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       710782      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518472      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1277051      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240702609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    113471891                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    133347840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             50713228                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            33301223                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17609261                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       118578137                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1291542                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1277051                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          385873809                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         295098859                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4625426                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              12765032                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         113471891                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           133347840                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    113471891                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.253149                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.253149                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      691339095                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     162124679                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     174806706                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       23169363                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19290643                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2103847                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8869677                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8478564                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2492593                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97923                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201597573                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            127101664                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          23169363                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10971157                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            26491638                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5849156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      6861160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12516993                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011511                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    238676561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      212184923     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1625124      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2050544      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3260824      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1365542      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1757039      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2050241      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         937258      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13445066      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    238676561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.497133                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      200412567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      8159979                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        26365899                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        12480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3725635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3526792                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          555                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    155341320                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2311                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3725635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      200615394                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        650601                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      6942845                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        26175762                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       566316                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    154387678                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        81806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       394919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    215648447                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    717948204                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    717948204                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    180577180                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       35071267                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37599                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19691                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1992516                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14437360                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7562921                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85448                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1713568                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        150745537                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37734                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       144684162                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144065                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18179954                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36908859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1612                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238676561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177366841     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27967967     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11431300      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6406205      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8677245      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2673086      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2628569      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1413628      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111720      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238676561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996840     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134328     10.66%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129011     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121891032     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1978385      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17908      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13256826      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7540011      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    144684162                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565904                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260179                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529449129                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168963932                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140923951                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    145944341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2700795                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          709                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104886                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           39                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3725635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        495194                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62311                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150783276                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117303                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14437360                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7562921                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19691                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54473                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          709                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1247350                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1181207                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2428557                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142167364                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13041356                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2516798                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20580861                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       20107533                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7539505                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.556060                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            140924301                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           140923951                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        84426848                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       226775894                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.551197                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372292                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105055419                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    129452743                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21331124                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36122                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2121874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234950926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180164038     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27764241     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10080937      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5024213      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4592560      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1930158      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1907814      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909645      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577320      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234950926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    105055419                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    129452743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19194600                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11736565                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             18020                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18763900                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       116549587                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2673171                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2577320                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          383156745                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         305293387                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3053344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              16992521                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         105055419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           129452743                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    105055419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.433659                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.433659                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410904                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410904                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      639703020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     196924379                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     143695467                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        36092                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       21065028                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17235577                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2063349                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8864509                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8304784                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2179111                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94215                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203107439                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            117731562                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          21065028                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10483895                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24594239                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5607952                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      4758600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12425592                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2065237                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    235978090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      211383851     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1151815      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1825863      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2470656      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2539618      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2147820      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1197555      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1784669      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11476243      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    235978090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460484                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      201044688                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6838755                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24550380                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        26830                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3517434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3467327                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    144492343                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1990                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3517434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      201596112                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1406179                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      4171366                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24032834                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1254162                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    144439567                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       171711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       546613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    201567864                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    671910039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    671910039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    175021234                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       26546623                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        36220                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         3753797                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13532768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7329928                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86418                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1669051                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        144266846                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36350                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       137137029                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18797                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15747875                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37502267                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1649                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235978090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177972599     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23828411     10.10%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12085672      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9128945      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7167372      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2892264      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1826126      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       950733      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125968      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235978090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25666     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83494     36.60%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118971     52.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115342745     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2041909      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17203      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12428477      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7306695      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    137137029                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536385                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            228131                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510499076                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160051648                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135070761                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    137365160                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278694                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2162811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          579                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96683                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3517434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1121008                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122557                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144303338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49594                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13532768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7329928                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103725                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          579                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1203547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155180                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2358727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135234954                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11695576                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1902075                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           19001988                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       19224989                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7306412                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.528945                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            135071029                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           135070761                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        77538560                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       208919877                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528303                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102025661                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    125541334                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18762016                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34701                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2089377                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232460656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181007948     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25479310     10.96%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9647493      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4593686      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3852820      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2221840      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1958822      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       877328      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2821409      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232460656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    102025661                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    125541334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18603197                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11369954                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             17312                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18103095                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       113111391                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2585170                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2821409                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          373941895                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         292124194                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3078630                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19690992                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         102025661                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           125541334                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    102025661                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.505929                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.505929                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.399054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.399054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      608678254                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     188160179                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     133941808                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        34670                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              255669079                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19895900                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17952545                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1040559                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7539579                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7121145                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1099950                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46142                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210908521                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            125161872                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19895900                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      8221095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24756859                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       3267972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      5014521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12104004                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1045819                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    242881309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      218124450     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         888019      0.37%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1807830      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         758482      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        4120086      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3660002      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         710904      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1480237      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11331299      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    242881309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077819                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.489546                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      209743240                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6192717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24666548                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        77905                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      2200896                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1746907                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          512                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    146768085                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2814                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      2200896                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      209951193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       4459324                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1077640                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24550985                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       641268                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    146692024                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       277283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       231379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4022                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    172197004                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    690964841                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    690964841                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    152878181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       19318823                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        17041                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8606                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1618380                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     34624106                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     17517013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160450                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       852293                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        146409215                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17093                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       140815471                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73004                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11213430                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26864638                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           95                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242881309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192872612     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14953287      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12294173      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5314430      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6737228      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6533800      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3700795      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292006      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182978      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242881309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356842     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2780030     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80489      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88321052     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230517      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8433      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33776457     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17479012     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    140815471                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.550772                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3217361                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527802616                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157643321                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139617560                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    144032832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252892                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1322640                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          566                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3590                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104853                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12466                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      2200896                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       4090425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146426374                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34624106                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17517013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8607                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126325                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3590                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606833                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       613795                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1220628                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139833618                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33661718                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       981853                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  66                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           51139297                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18322267                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         17477579                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.546932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            139622038                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           139617560                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        75401420                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       148533473                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.546087                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507639                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113474165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    133350638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13090272                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16998                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1063464                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240680413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192345691     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17622575      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8274421      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8181980      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2224785      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9523984      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711311      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518973      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1276693      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240680413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    113474165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    133350638                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             50713626                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            33301466                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17609662                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       118580647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1291596                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1276693                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          385844292                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         295082956                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4624797                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              12787770                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         113474165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           133350638                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    113474165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.253104                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.253104                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443832                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443832                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      691330930                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     162105195                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     174801037                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       21070106                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17240565                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2065803                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8866672                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8305870                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2179540                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94289                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203191826                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            117765450                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          21070106                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10485410                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24600819                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5617689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4767701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12431987                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2067457                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    236085439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      211484620     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1152954      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1825551      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2469901      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2540144      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2146951      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1198692      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1785874      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11480752      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    236085439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      201128637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6848455                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24556819                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        26803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3524722                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3467292                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    144539097                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1945                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3524722                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      201680777                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1405638                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4181446                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24038780                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1254073                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    144485911                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       170901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       546989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    201629894                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    672130013                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    672130013                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    175025169                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26604699                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        36249                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19045                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3756560                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13541068                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7330735                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85939                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1720236                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        144311796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36376                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       137158646                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18788                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15787200                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37632569                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1675                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236085439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178036227     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23875326     10.11%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12100340      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9116181      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7160584      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2892601      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1826955      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       950774      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       126451      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236085439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25467     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83483     36.63%     47.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118967     52.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115360898     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2041668      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17203      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12432001      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7306876      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    137158646                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536469                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227917                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510649430                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160135942                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135086840                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    137386563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277057                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2170871                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          163                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          571                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97342                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3524722                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1122146                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144348314                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50457                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13541068                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7330735                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19046                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103466                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          571                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1205081                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155632                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2360713                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135251196                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11695591                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1907444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19002174                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19225622                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7306583                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529009                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            135087079                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           135086840                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        77547346                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       208953893                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528366                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102027911                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    125544102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18804216                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34701                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2091837                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232560717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181074639     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25511702     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9645398      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4592802      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3870709      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2222411      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1948796      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       878549      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2815711      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232560717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    102027911                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    125544102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18603587                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11370194                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17312                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18103505                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       113113862                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2585223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2815711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          374092622                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         292221439                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3081376                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              19583643                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         102027911                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           125544102                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    102027911                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.505874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.505874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.399062                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.399062                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      608747472                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     188184629                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     133975612                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        34670                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21071064                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17241635                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2065343                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8888634                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8309526                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2179814                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94211                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203206413                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117762844                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21071064                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10489340                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24602975                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5613890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      4754172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12432385                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2066899                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    236085315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      211482340     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1153066      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1828562      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2470576      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2540439      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2148247      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1200004      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1784597      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11477484      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    236085315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082415                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460607                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      201140645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6837244                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24559386                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        26657                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3521380                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3467074                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    144528684                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1970                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3521380                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      201692925                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1398857                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4176449                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24040982                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1254719                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    144476674                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       170965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       547388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    201622267                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    672085700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    672085700                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    175070807                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26551452                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        36265                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19056                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3755351                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13536035                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7331963                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86069                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1668660                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        144304405                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       137165515                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18844                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15750415                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37538667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1685                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236085315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178062743     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23838727     10.10%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12091335      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9129241      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7166263      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2893466      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1826347      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       951613      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125580      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236085315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25646     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83523     36.61%     47.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       119004     52.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115366779     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2042479      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17208      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12430827      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7308222      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    137165515                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536496                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            228173                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510663362                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160091775                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135101321                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    137393688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278482                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2162848                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          150                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          564                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96659                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3521380                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1115007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144340940                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13536035                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7331963                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19057                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103307                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          564                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1205386                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154863                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2360249                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135265874                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11699273                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1899641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19007220                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19229221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7307947                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.529066                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            135101553                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           135101321                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        77556185                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       208959912                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.528423                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371153                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102054554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    125576947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18764016                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34709                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2091383                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232563935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181093579     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25490460     10.96%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9650410      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4594971      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3852289      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2222906      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1960088      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       877316      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2821916      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232563935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    102054554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    125576947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18608489                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11373187                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17316                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         18108253                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       113143469                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2585910                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2821916                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          374082280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         292203371                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3081503                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19583767                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         102054554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           125576947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    102054554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.505220                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.505220                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.399167                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.399167                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      608821830                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     188205261                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     133977176                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        34678                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              255669082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19410988                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17332992                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1547961                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12993841                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12678389                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165411                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46857                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205225411                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            110233067                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19410988                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     13843800                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24585004                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5070575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3098823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12414821                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1519308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    236423196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      211838192     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3747168      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1893217      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3710255      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1190544      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3436513      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         541374      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         872168      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        9193765      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    236423196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075922                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.431155                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      202769028                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5602037                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24536522                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        19864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3495741                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1832529                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        18171                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    123318313                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        34326                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3495741                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      203043662                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3381266                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1378868                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24281786                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       841869                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    123140701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        95775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       672558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    161390656                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    558095667                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    558095667                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    130953623                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       30437013                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8382                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1830665                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     22216663                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3606622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23564                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       820609                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        122507536                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16609                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       114746794                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73723                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22043528                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45143023                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236423196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186072959     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15903969      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16821688      7.12%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9769416      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5035568      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1261126      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494809      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34843      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28818      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236423196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191926     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78629     23.45%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64782     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89979785     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       899664      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8169      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20283125     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3576051      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    114746794                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.448810                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335337                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466325844                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144567978                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111836995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    115082131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89928                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4521358                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          316                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82266                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3495741                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2297732                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103612                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122524238                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22216663                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3606622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8378                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41269                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2274                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          316                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046628                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593617                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1640245                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113293270                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19991312                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           23567157                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17223330                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3575845                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.443125                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            111862367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           111836995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        67678482                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       147396379                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.437429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.459160                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89108042                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    100322773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22206382                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1538258                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232927455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195575545     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14676409      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9427399      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2966805      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4925366      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960256      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609551      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557891      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3228233      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232927455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     89108042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    100322773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             21219656                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            17695300                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15392415                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        87674065                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1254591                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3228233                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          352228039                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         248556831                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4562087                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              19245886                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          89108042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           100322773                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     89108042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.869203                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.869203                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348529                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348529                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      526616420                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     145721979                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     130969944                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         296170                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.826344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1974378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         328937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.002298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           237.813173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.719130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2282.574795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.464366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2320.797046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.808460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1705.438027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.193077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1335.076454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.773020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1028.871177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.959616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1058.482288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.015343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1716.401133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.183959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1052.145941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.727101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1707.825933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.218810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2807.821422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.123950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1032.853815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.548033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1275.492779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.280264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2784.621090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     4.172739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1262.897939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.941906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1269.668748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.702333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1737.090871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           451.270278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           424.905372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           372.464743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           311.123218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           308.152918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           290.993546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           368.946646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           278.944723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           376.444347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           469.867559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           306.431548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           386.977283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           478.980205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           429.178018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           431.118937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           408.322267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.069659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.070825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.052046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.040743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.031399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.032302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.052380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.032109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.052119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.085688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.031520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.038925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.084980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.038541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.038747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.053012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.013772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.012967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.011367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.008880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.008513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.014339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.014617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.013097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.013157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.012461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        44389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        25891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        50452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        27890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        50401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  550337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           144593                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                144593                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        44527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        26104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        50521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        50471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   552505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44640                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        44527                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36278                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27573                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        26104                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36151                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25910                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36194                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        50521                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26080                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28044                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        50471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36756                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  552505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                296025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 296054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28279                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19470                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19532                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19517                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10987                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13685                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31530                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13178                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18973                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                296054                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5585718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4635860260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5874420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4647240727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5471208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3157861057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5951870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2307252909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5571396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1788002612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5438752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1795318305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5318537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3165772497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6195061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1827475942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5212007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3163413889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6006554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5127930626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5480298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1798568782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6586503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2229385944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6361302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5128270057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6327287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2154023678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5746636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2148374852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5232144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3079414061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48246525891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       691472                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1408791                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1218464                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1218662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4537389                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5585718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4635860260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5874420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4647240727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5471208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3158552529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5951870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2307252909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5571396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1788002612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5438752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1795318305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5318537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3165772497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6195061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1827475942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5212007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3163413889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6006554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5129339417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5480298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1798568782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6586503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2229385944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6361302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5129488521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6327287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2154023678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5746636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2148374852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5232144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3080632723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      48251063280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5585718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4635860260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5874420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4647240727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5471208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3158552529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5951870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2307252909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5571396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1788002612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5438752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1795318305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5318537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3165772497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6195061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1827475942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5212007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3163413889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6006554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5129339417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5480298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1798568782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6586503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2229385944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6361302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5129488521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6327287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2154023678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5746636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2148374852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5232144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3080632723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     48251063280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        81927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        41575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              846362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       144593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            144593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        37086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        37096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        37067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        41729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               848559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        37086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        37096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        37067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        41729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              848559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.388549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.298023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.302735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.384183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.298114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.329164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.340754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.349762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.051282                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.102564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.109589                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.013200                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.387814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.389372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.296312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.300995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.383928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.315747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.340451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.348890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.387814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.389372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.296312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.300995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.383928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.315747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.340451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.348890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 146992.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163932.962976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       154590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163675.579439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156320.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162224.445546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148796.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163264.428885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150578.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163916.631096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155392.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163329.540120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151958.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162081.327923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154876.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163796.355830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153294.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162085.048368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150163.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162920.750627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152230.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163699.716210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156821.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162907.266642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155153.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162688.600247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154324.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162776.670294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151227.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163027.382911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153886.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162373.533404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162981.254593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       172868                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 156532.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       152308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152332.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156461.689655                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 146992.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163932.962976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       154590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163675.579439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156320.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162226.632203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148796.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163264.428885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150578.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163916.631096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155392.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163329.540120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151958.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162081.327923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154876.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163796.355830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153294.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162085.048368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150163.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162918.924438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152230.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163699.716210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156821.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162907.266642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155153.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162685.966413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154324.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162776.670294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151227.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163027.382911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153886.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162369.299689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162980.615969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 146992.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163932.962976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       154590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163675.579439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156320.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162226.632203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148796.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163264.428885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150578.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163916.631096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155392.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163329.540120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151958.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162081.327923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154876.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163796.355830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153294.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162085.048368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150163.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162918.924438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152230.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163699.716210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156821.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162907.266642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155153.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162685.966413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154324.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162776.670294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151227.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163027.382911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153886.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162369.299689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162980.615969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                73645                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     73645                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           296025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            296054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           296054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3371823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2989027115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3660741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2993764415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3436501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2023917007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3626025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1484278333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3422198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1152844475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3406576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1155266494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3280726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2028017145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3870925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1177828032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3234128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2026509749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3679376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3295592192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3388466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1158820644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4143717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1432488261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3974114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3293204004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3942019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1383445322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3538093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1380970737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3251972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1974596285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31007797610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       457998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       885264                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       752812                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       751318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2847392                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3371823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2989027115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3660741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2993764415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3436501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2024375005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3626025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1484278333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3422198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1152844475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3406576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1155266494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3280726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2028017145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3870925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1177828032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3234128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2026509749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3679376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3296477456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3388466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1158820644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4143717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1432488261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3974114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3293956816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3942019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1383445322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3538093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1380970737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3251972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1975347603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31010645002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3371823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2989027115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3660741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2993764415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3436501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2024375005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3626025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1484278333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3422198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1152844475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3406576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1155266494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3280726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2028017145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3870925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1177828032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3234128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2026509749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3679376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3296477456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3388466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1158820644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4143717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1432488261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3974114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3293956816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3942019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1383445322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3538093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1380970737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3251972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1975347603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31010645002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.388549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.298023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.302735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.384183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.298114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.329164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.340754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.349762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.051282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.115385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.102564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.109589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.387814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.389372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.296312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.300995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.383928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.315747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.340451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.348890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.387814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.389372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.296312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.300995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.383928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.315747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.340451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.348890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 88732.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105697.765656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96335.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105440.228754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98185.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103971.900082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 90650.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105029.601826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92491.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105687.979006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97330.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105100.663574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93735.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103830.490733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96773.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105568.524872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95121.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103833.055746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91984.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104705.073614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94124.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105471.979976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98659.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104675.795469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96929.609756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104473.193452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96146.804878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104545.101035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93107.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104793.651313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95646.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104117.916425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104747.226113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114499.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98362.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94101.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93914.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98185.931034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 88732.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105697.765656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96335.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105440.228754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98185.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103974.062917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 90650.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105029.601826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92491.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105687.979006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97330.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105100.663574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93735.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103830.490733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96773.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105568.524872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95121.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103833.055746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91984.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104703.260577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94124.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105471.979976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98659.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104675.795469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96929.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104470.561878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96146.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104545.101035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93107.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104793.651313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95646.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104113.614241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104746.583400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 88732.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105697.765656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96335.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105440.228754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98185.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103974.062917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 90650.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105029.601826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92491.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105687.979006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97330.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105100.663574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93735.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103830.490733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96773.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105568.524872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95121.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103833.055746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91984.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104703.260577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94124.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105471.979976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98659.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104675.795469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96929.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104470.561878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96146.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104545.101035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93107.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104793.651313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95646.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104113.614241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104746.583400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.907912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012380183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1913762.160681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.907912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.060750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12372134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12372134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12372134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12372134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12372134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12372134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7658868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7658868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7658868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7658868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7658868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7658868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12372186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12372186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12372186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12372186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12372186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12372186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147285.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147285.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147285.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147285.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147285.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147285.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6035636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6035636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6035636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6035636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6035636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6035636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154759.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154759.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154759.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154759.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154759.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154759.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72919                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180703457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2469.469860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.201961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.798039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8580851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8580851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15689518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15689518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       184358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       185192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       185192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22253902469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22253902469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     71281324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71281324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22325183793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22325183793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22325183793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22325183793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8765209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8765209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        19850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15874710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15874710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15874710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15874710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120710.261931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120710.261931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85469.213429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85469.213429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120551.556185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120551.556185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120551.556185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120551.556185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8845                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8845                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       111577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7905942569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7905942569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9144701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9144701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7915087270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7915087270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7915087270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7915087270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108626.462525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108626.462525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66265.949275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66265.949275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108546.294793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108546.294793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108546.294793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108546.294793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              527.868908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1012378499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1913758.977316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.868908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12370450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12370450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12370450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12370450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12370450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12370450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8077776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8077776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8077776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8077776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8077776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8077776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12370501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12370501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12370501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12370501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12370501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12370501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158387.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158387.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158387.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158387.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158387.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158387.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6408207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6408207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6408207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       164313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       164313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       164313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                72920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180702316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                73176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2469.420520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.203182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.796818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8579163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8579163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7109266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7109266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15688429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15688429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15688429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15688429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       184524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       185364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       185364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22301090275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22301090275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     71941184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71941184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22373031459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22373031459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22373031459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22373031459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8763687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8763687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7110106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7110106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15873793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15873793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15873793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15873793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120857.396734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120857.396734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85644.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85644.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120697.824060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120697.824060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120697.824060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120697.824060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            9327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       111742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       112444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       112444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7913594193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7913594193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9174807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9174807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7922769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7922769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7922769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7922769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108730.100753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108730.100753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66484.108696                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66484.108696                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108650.150850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108650.150850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108650.150850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108650.150850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              558.923503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              926227037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1645163.476021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.699235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   524.224268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.055608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.840103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12408490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12408490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12408490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12408490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12408490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12408490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7532618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7532618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7532618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7532618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7532618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7532618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12408537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12408537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12408537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12408537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12408537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12408537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160268.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160268.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160268.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160268.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160268.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160268.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6076551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6076551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6076551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6076551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6076551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6076551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168793.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168793.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168793.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168793.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168793.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168793.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                55748                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              223870760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                56004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3997.406614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   201.197190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    54.802810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.785927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.214073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18247937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18247937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3503927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8287                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8287                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21751864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       21751864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21751864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      21751864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       193665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       194055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       194055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       194055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       194055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21987764530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21987764530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     35193629                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35193629                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22022958159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22022958159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22022958159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22022958159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18441602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18441602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3504317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3504317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21945919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21945919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21945919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21945919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113535.045207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113535.045207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90240.074359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90240.074359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113488.228384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113488.228384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113488.228384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113488.228384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       137995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       138307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       138307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5786440572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5786440572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5765587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5765587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5792206159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5792206159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5792206159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5792206159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103941.810167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103941.810167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 73917.782051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73917.782051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103899.801948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103899.801948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103899.801948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103899.801948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              516.016641                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1006683055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1947162.582205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    41.016641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.065732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12419953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12419953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12419953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12419953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12419953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12419953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8232519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8232519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8232519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8232519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8232519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8232519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12420004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12420004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12420004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12420004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12420004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12420004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161421.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161421.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161421.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161421.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161421.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161421.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6807857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6807857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6807857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6807857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6807857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6807857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162091.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162091.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162091.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162091.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162091.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162091.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                41705                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166002196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3956.106766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.524440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.475560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8547878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8547878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7195300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7195300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17324                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17324                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15743178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15743178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15743178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15743178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       134452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       134452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       134452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       134452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16395243325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16395243325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     77995706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77995706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16473239031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16473239031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16473239031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16473239031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8681430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8681430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7196200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7196200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17324                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17324                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15877630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15877630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15877630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15877630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122762.993628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122762.993628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86661.895556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86661.895556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122521.338701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122521.338701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122521.338701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122521.338701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        92000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4285831106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4285831106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10258133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10258133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4296089239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4296089239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4296089239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4296089239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103143.798277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103143.798277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67046.620915                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67046.620915                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103011.371274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103011.371274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103011.371274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103011.371274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              493.289268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1009879470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2044290.425101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.289268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.061361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12516950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12516950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12516950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12516950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12516950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12516950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9236409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9236409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9236409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9236409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9236409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9236409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12517001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12517001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12517001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12517001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12517001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12517001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181106.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181106.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181106.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181106.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181106.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181106.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6974192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6974192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6974192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6974192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6974192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6974192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178825.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178825.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178825.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178825.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178825.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178825.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                37086                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              163805822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                37342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4386.637620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.164212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.835788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.910798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.089202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9984484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9984484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7420603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7420603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19351                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19351                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17405087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       17405087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17405087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      17405087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        95287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2191                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2191                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        97478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        97478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        97478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        97478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10170787619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10170787619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    146016409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146016409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10316804028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10316804028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10316804028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10316804028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     10079771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10079771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7422794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7422794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19351                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19351                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17502565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17502565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17502565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17502565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106738.459800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106738.459800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 66643.728435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66643.728435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105837.255873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105837.255873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105837.255873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105837.255873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       133326                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33331.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8029                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8029                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        58415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        60392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        60392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        37086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        37086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3630295610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3630295610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16539201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16539201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3646834811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3646834811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3646834811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3646834811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98456.704545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98456.704545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 77285.985981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77285.985981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98334.541633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98334.541633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98334.541633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98334.541633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              491.291366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1009879460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2052600.528455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    36.291366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.058159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12516940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12516940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12516940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12516940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12516940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12516940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8582638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8582638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8582638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8582638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8582638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8582638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12516989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12516989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12516989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12516989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12516989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12516989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175155.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175155.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175155.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175155.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175155.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175155.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6713420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6713420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6713420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6713420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6713420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6713420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181443.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181443.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181443.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181443.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181443.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181443.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                37096                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              163801796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                37352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4385.355429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.163171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.836829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.910794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.089206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9982870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9982870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7418158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7418158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18042                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18042                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17401028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17401028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17401028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17401028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        97477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        97477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        97477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        97477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10228083827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10228083827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    149858606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    149858606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10377942433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10377942433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10377942433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10377942433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     10078176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10078176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7420329                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7420329                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18042                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18042                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17498505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17498505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17498505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17498505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107318.362191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107318.362191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69027.455550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69027.455550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106465.550161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106465.550161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106465.550161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106465.550161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       250468                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 31308.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        58423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        60381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        60381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3635829877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3635829877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16900023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16900023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3652729900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3652729900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3652729900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3652729900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98577.390044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98577.390044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 79342.830986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79342.830986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98466.947919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98466.947919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98466.947919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98466.947919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.443384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              926226207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1645162.001776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    34.137709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   524.305675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.054708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.840233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12407660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12407660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12407660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12407660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12407660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12407660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7251828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7251828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7251828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7251828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7251828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7251828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12407707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12407707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12407707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12407707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12407707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12407707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154294.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154294.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154294.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154294.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154294.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154294.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5906679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5906679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5906679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5906679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5906679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5906679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164074.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164074.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164074.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164074.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164074.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164074.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                55681                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              223871905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                55937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4002.215081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   201.526301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    54.473699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.787212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.212788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18249066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18249066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3503959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21753025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       21753025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21753025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      21753025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       193704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       194054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       194054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       194054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       194054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22010991876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22010991876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30642907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30642907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22041634783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22041634783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22041634783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22041634783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18442770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18442770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3504309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3504309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8220                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8220                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21947079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21947079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21947079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21947079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113632.097819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113632.097819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 87551.162857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87551.162857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113585.057680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113585.057680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113585.057680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113585.057680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       138094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       138371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       138371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5787285378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5787285378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4854215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4854215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5792139593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5792139593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5792139593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5792139593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104069.149038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104069.149038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66496.095890                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66496.095890                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104019.891044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104019.891044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104019.891044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104019.891044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              496.044525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1009877960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2031947.605634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    41.044525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.065776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12515440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12515440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12515440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12515440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12515440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12515440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9765185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9765185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9765185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9765185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9765185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9765185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12515491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12515491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12515491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12515491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12515491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12515491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 191474.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191474.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 191474.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191474.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 191474.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191474.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8086764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8086764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8086764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8086764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8086764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8086764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       192542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       192542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       192542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       192542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       192542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       192542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                37067                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              163798709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                37323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4388.680144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.162392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.837608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.910791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.089209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9982258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9982258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7415958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7415958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19120                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19120                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18037                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18037                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17398216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17398216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17398216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17398216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        95062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2156                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2156                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        97218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        97218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        97218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        97218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10242340175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10242340175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    144238232                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    144238232                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10386578407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10386578407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10386578407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10386578407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10077320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10077320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7418114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7418114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18037                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18037                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17495434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17495434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17495434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17495434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107743.790105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107743.790105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66900.849722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66900.849722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106838.017723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106838.017723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106838.017723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106838.017723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       124038                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 24807.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        58208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1943                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1943                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        60151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        60151                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60151                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3653198776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3653198776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16312825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16312825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3669511601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3669511601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3669511601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3669511601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99126.248874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99126.248874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76586.032864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76586.032864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98996.724877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98996.724877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98996.724877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98996.724877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              559.205527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              926226951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1648090.660142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    34.069804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.135723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.054599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12408404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12408404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12408404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12408404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12408404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12408404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7283971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7283971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7283971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7283971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7283971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7283971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12408450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12408450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12408450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12408450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12408450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12408450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158347.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158347.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158347.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158347.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158347.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158347.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5752316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5752316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5752316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5752316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5752316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5752316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164351.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164351.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164351.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164351.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164351.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164351.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                55711                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              223873715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                55967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4000.102114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   202.221512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    53.778488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.789928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.210072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18250799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18250799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3504022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3504022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8223                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8223                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     21754821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       21754821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     21754821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      21754821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       194041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       194407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       194407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       194407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       194407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22044351763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22044351763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32434002                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32434002                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22076785765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22076785765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22076785765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22076785765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18444840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18444840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3504388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3504388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     21949228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21949228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     21949228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21949228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113606.669534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113606.669534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 88617.491803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88617.491803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113559.623702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113559.623702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113559.623702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113559.623702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       138405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       138696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       138696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5788269879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5788269879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5047736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5047736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5793317615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5793317615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5793317615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5793317615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104038.210493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104038.210493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67303.146667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67303.146667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103988.756529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103988.756529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103988.756529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103988.756529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              580.380518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1037046483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1775764.525685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    39.338580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.041939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.063043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12105157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12105157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12105157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12105157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12105157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12105157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8035402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8035402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8035402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8035402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8035402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8035402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12105209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12105209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12105209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12105209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12105209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12105209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154526.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154526.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154526.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154526.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154526.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154526.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6497376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6497376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6497376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6497376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6497376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6497376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158472.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158472.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158472.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158472.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158472.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158472.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                82005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              448715068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                82261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5454.772833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.907462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.092538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     31765509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31765509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17394532                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17394532                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8492                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8492                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     49160041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       49160041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     49160041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      49160041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       290269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       290523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       290523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       290523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       290523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34655670321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34655670321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24581352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24581352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34680251673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34680251673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34680251673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34680251673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     32055778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32055778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17394786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17394786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8492                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8492                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49450564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49450564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49450564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49450564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119391.565482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119391.565482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96776.976378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96776.976378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119371.793879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119371.793879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119371.793879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119371.793879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           16167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        81927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8966279028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8966279028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6285119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6285119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8972564147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8972564147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8972564147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8972564147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109442.296532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109442.296532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 80578.448718                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80578.448718                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109414.842351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109414.842351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109414.842351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109414.842351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              492.173876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1009879463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2048437.044625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    37.173876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.059574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.788740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12516943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12516943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12516943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12516943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12516943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12516943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9132823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9132823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9132823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9132823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9132823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9132823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12516993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12516993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12516993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12516993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12516993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12516993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 182656.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182656.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 182656.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182656.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 182656.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182656.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7146195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7146195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7146195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7146195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7146195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7146195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188057.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188057.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188057.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188057.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188057.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188057.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                37067                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              163804992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                37323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4388.848485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.162120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.837880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.910790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.089210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9984755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9984755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7419449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7419449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19406                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19406                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18046                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18046                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17404204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       17404204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17404204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      17404204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        95164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        97292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        97292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        97292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        97292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10173844929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10173844929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    146900585                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146900585                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10320745514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10320745514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10320745514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10320745514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10079919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10079919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7421577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7421577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19406                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19406                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18046                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18046                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17501496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17501496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17501496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17501496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106908.546604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106908.546604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69032.229793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69032.229793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106080.104366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106080.104366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106080.104366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106080.104366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       247144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 27460.444444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        58309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        60225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        60225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3637816839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3637816839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16668618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16668618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3654485457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3654485457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3654485457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3654485457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98706.195604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98706.195604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 78625.556604                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78625.556604                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98591.346939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98591.346939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98591.346939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98591.346939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.767110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1006688640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1935939.692308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    43.767110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.070140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12425538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12425538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12425538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12425538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12425538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12425538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9046871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9046871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9046871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9046871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9046871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9046871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12425592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12425592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12425592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12425592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12425592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12425592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167534.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167534.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167534.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167534.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167534.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167534.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7643495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7643495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7643495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7643495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7643495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7643495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169855.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169855.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169855.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169855.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169855.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169855.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                41729                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              166009819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                41985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3954.026891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.524894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.475106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8551672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8551672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7199040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7199040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17335                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17335                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15750712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15750712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15750712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15750712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       133704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       134610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       134610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       134610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       134610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16241219249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16241219249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     78473250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78473250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16319692499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16319692499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16319692499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16319692499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8685376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8685376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7199946                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7199946                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17335                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17335                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15885322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15885322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15885322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15885322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121471.453726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121471.453726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86615.066225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86615.066225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121236.850895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121236.850895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121236.850895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121236.850895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        92129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        92129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        92881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        92881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        41575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        41729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        41729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4233819541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4233819541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10307842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10307842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4244127383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4244127383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4244127383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4244127383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101835.707541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101835.707541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 66934.038961                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66934.038961                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101706.903664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101706.903664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101706.903664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101706.903664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              579.982930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1037045277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1772726.969231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.692534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   540.290396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.063610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.865850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12103951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12103951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12103951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12103951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12103951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12103951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8732473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8732473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8732473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8732473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8732473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8732473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12104004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12104004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12104004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12104004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12104004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12104004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164763.641509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164763.641509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164763.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164763.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164763.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164763.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7000488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7000488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7000488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7000488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7000488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7000488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166678.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166678.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166678.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166678.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166678.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166678.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                82001                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              448717142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                82257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5455.063302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.906160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.093840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     31767426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31767426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17394681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17394681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8500                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8500                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     49162107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       49162107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     49162107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      49162107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       290588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       290588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34621182865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34621182865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25507051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25507051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34646689916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34646689916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34646689916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34646689916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     32057754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32057754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17394941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17394941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     49452695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49452695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     49452695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49452695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119248.515007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119248.515007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98104.042308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98104.042308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119229.596253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119229.596253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119229.596253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119229.596253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17042                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           17042                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       208405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       208587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       208587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        81923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        82001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        82001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8962755477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8962755477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6250001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6250001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8969005478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8969005478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8969005478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8969005478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109404.629677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109404.629677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 80128.217949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80128.217949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109376.781722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109376.781722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109376.781722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109376.781722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              516.971121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1006695037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1943426.712355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    41.971121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.067261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12431935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12431935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12431935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12431935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12431935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12431935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8756487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8756487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8756487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8756487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8756487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8756487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12431987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12431987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12431987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12431987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12431987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12431987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168393.980769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168393.980769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168393.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168393.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168393.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168393.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7165258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7165258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7165258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7165258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7165258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7165258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166633.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166633.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166633.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166633.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166633.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166633.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                41727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              166011801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                41983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3954.262463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.525071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.474929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8553469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8553469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7199199                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7199199                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17335                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17335                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15752668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15752668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15752668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15752668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       133455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          897                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          897                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       134352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       134352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       134352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       134352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16116893997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16116893997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     77965365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77965365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16194859362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16194859362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16194859362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16194859362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8686924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8686924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7200096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7200096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17335                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17335                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15887020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15887020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15887020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15887020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120766.505541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120766.505541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86917.909699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86917.909699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120540.515675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120540.515675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120540.515675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120540.515675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        91881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        92625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        92625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4184131543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4184131543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10300118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10300118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4194431661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4194431661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4194431661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4194431661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100642.987035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100642.987035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67321.032680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67321.032680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100520.805737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100520.805737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100520.805737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100520.805737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              514.729733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1006695439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1950960.153101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.729733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.063669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.824887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12432337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12432337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12432337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12432337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12432337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12432337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8195302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8195302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8195302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8195302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8195302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8195302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12432385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12432385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12432385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12432385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12432385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12432385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170735.458333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170735.458333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170735.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170735.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170735.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170735.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6921775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6921775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6921775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6921775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6921775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6921775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168823.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168823.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168823.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168823.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168823.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168823.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                41736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166015242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                41992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3953.496904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.525134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.474866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8555006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8555006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7201089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7201089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18925                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18925                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17339                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17339                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15756095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15756095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15756095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15756095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       133468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          905                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          905                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       134373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       134373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       134373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       134373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16080916328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16080916328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     78519507                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78519507                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16159435835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16159435835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16159435835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16159435835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8688474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8688474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7201994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7201994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17339                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17339                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15890468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15890468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15890468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15890468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120485.182426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120485.182426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86761.886188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86761.886188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120258.056566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120258.056566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120258.056566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120258.056566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        91886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        92637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        92637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4181446561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4181446561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10270825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10270825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4191717386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4191717386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4191717386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4191717386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100559.053461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100559.053461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66693.668831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66693.668831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100434.094930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100434.094930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100434.094930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100434.094930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              559.239429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              926233321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1648101.994662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.144649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.094780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.054719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12414774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12414774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12414774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12414774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12414774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12414774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7309231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7309231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7309231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7309231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7309231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7309231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12414821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12414821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12414821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12414821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12414821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12414821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155515.553191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155515.553191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155515.553191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155515.553191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155515.553191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155515.553191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5747409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5747409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5747409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5747409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5747409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5747409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164211.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164211.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164211.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164211.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164211.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164211.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                55729                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              223884958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                55985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3999.016844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   201.200890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    54.799110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.785941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.214059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18258680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18258680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3507360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     21766040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       21766040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     21766040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      21766040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       193932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       194283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       194283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       194283                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       194283                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21857715594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21857715594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     36359085                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36359085                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21894074679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21894074679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21894074679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21894074679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18452612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18452612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3507711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3507711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     21960323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21960323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     21960323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21960323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112708.143030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112708.143030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103587.136752                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103587.136752                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112691.664628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112691.664628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112691.664628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112691.664628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6337                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6337                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       138276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       138554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       138554                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138554                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5732451685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5732451685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5636531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5636531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5738088216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5738088216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5738088216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5738088216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102997.910109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102997.910109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77212.753425                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77212.753425                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102964.133862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102964.133862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102964.133862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102964.133862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
