
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.132170                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                132170420982                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               697468852809                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 303445                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   378984                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2093976                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67747716                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 63119.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 19153286012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23921202617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2668800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2805888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1799936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      5195520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4436352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4423680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4430976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      5193216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1800960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2819200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      5203584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1304064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1304192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      5190784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      5198976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4433536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             58288768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     13123200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          13123200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        21921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        14062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        40590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        34659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        34560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        34617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        40572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        14070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        22025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        40653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        10188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        10189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        40553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        40617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        34637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                455381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          102525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               102525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        32927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20192112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21229319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13618297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        36801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39309249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        36801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     33565392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        36801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     33469516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        36801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33524717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        35833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39291817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13626044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21330037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        35833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39370261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9866534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9867503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        34864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39273417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        37769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39335397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        37769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33544086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               441012199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        32927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        36801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        36801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        36801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        36801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        35833                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        35833                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        34864                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        37769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        37769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             598500                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          99289992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               99289992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          99289992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        32927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20192112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        37769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21229319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        40675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13618297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        36801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39309249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        36801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     33565392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        36801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     33469516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        36801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33524717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        35833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39291817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        38738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13626044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        37769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21330037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        35833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39370261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        40675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9866534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        40675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9867503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        34864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39273417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        37769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39335397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        37769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33544086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              540302191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21815014                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19472434                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739740                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14502811                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14215420                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310661                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52125                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230385086                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123947131                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21815014                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15526081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27625680                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5723596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9539755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13943748                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707535                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    271524618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      243898938     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4205397      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2134055      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4160498      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1335737      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3842775      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         609021      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         987198      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10350999      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    271524618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068827                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.391055                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228374702                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11603168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27570713                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3953693                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2064533                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138665723                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38348                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3953693                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228605881                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       7504480                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      3363757                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27339502                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       757301                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138460702                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       107036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       569483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181485273                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627598444                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627598444                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34450941                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18595                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9406                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1798017                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24952809                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26434                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       927242                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137748169                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18659                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128941139                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82924                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24979799                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51161142                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271524618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215031889     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17742871      6.53%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18938323      6.97%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10958833      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5678370      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420169      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681610      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39286      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33267      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271524618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215454     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88607     23.51%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72904     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101122832     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013053      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22763900     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032164      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128941139                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406812                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376965                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529866784                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162746962                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125659350                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129318104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102126                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5114743                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          132                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100511                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953693                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6672587                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92532                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137766930                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24952809                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9401                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173094                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671527                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1844621                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127309204                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22442414                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631934                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 102                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26474387                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19341968                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031973                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401663                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125688212                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125659350                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76024415                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165717866                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396457                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458758                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25156502                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18534                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1728886                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267570925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225615659     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16500576      6.17%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10566576      3.95%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351232      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530477      2.07%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081797      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685876      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627450      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611282      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267570925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3611282                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          401731747                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279501842                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5143951                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              45430829                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.169554                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.169554                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315502                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315502                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591715051                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163746982                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147224368                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23264062                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19078016                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2276274                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9579353                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9082127                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2386826                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102401                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    221893812                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            132219645                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23264062                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11468953                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            29074163                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6476186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     20547909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13670281                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2260935                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    275678325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      246604162     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3152582      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3641032      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2002553      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2305106      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1268698      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         867551      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2253225      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13583416      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    275678325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073399                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.417155                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      220090535                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     22385126                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        28831092                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       230291                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4141277                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3776756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        21164                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    161391869                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts       104754                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4141277                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      220443450                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       7716914                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     13679868                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        28719926                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       976886                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    161290848                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       252874                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       450204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    224143872                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    750957071                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    750957071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    191323636                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       32820231                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        41946                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23287                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2615053                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15392992                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8384327                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       219793                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1863033                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        161039613                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42026                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       152155215                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       216402                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20182575                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46687275                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4449                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275678325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211577003     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25776047      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13850726      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9591173      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8387228      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4288408      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1040590      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       667495      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       499655      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275678325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39403     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       138391     42.62%     54.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       146919     45.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127364352     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2379021      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18632      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14068432      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8324778      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    152155215                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.480052                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            324713                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002134                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580529870                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181265642                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149626500                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    152479928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       380733                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2716954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          924                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1432                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       183835                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9319                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2450                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4141277                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       7172273                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       170183                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161081769                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        70399                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15392992                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8384327                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23255                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119102                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1432                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1318844                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1277296                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2596140                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149911172                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13209724                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2244043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21532615                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       20975577                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8322891                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.472972                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            149628785                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           149626500                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        88917645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       232927882                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.472074                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381739                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112349723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    137839393                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23244227                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37577                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2289246                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271537048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215225263     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26111875      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10945329      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6580075      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4550418      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2941440      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1523104      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1227213      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2432331      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271537048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112349723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    137839393                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20876527                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12676035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         19728481                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       124266388                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2804355                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2432331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          430187583                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         326308600                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3397143                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              41277122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112349723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           137839393                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112349723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.821150                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.821150                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.354465                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.354465                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      676222178                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     207662852                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     150623608                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        37542                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       24533606                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20072739                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2399230                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10360178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9682715                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2537663                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109522                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236452377                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            137114792                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          24533606                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     12220378                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            28645709                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6515811                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     12769694                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        14463337                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2400542                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    281953215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      253307506     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1342716      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2125888      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2874004      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2959022      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2502804      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1407845      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2076383      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13357047      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    281953215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077404                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.432600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      234015677                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     15227369                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        28592470                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        32671                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4085027                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      4039086                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          384                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    168272547                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2004                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4085027                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      234660418                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2175312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     11561738                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        27987467                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1483250                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    168206410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       221692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       635598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    234697205                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    782509512                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    782509512                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    203812726                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30884449                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        42095                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         4373728                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15759162                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8536347                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100334                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      2013857                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        167998039                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42242                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       159680334                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18351871                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43750328                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1841                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281953215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214368912     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27797257      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14086398      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10610059      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8343617      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3377438      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2114243      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1109340      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       145951      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281953215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30333     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97269     36.72%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137314     51.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134299367     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2379694      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20032      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14472124      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8509117      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    159680334                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.503794                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            264916                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601600773                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186392796                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157293333                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    159945250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       325166                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2519244                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          134                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          646                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113821                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4085027                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1814283                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145272                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168040445                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15759162                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8536347                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22063                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          646                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1397516                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1343762                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2741278                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157484784                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13619891                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2195548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 164                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           22128678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       22386916                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8508787                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.496867                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            157293569                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           157293333                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        90290961                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       243285563                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.496263                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371132                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118810447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    146194168                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21846288                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2429580                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277868188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217901578     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29714501     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11234190      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5354836      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4510000      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2589573      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2263412      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022342      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3277756      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277868188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    118810447                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    146194168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21662444                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            13239918                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             20156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         21081728                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       131718775                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      3010410                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3277756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          442630082                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         340166022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3582854                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              35002232                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         118810447                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           146194168                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    118810447                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.667741                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.667741                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.374849                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.374849                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      708829973                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     219107426                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     155992119                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        40366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21405179                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19314962                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1124149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8454152                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7668158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1184807                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227356036                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            134525481                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21405179                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      8852965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            26621349                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3528145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     31343255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13044501                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1129221                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    287696378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      261075029     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         953007      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1939831      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         833715      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        4423604      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3949111      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         771677      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1589333      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12161071      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    287696378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067534                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.424430                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      225044711                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     33668439                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26523441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        84482                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2375300                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1878431                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          441                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    157744300                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2375300                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      225340038                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles      31294004                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1357834                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26346820                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       982377                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    157659426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       497620                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       322957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        15908                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    185090046                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    742542569                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    742542569                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    164215455                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       20874591                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        18294                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9232                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2267671                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     37216781                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     18822651                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172074                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       913548                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        157354464                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       151307599                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        85588                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12089544                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28927983                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287696378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233337259     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16611563      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13428072      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5802554      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7249165      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6865631      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3899197      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311263      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191674      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287696378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380296     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2906451     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84872      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94912929     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1319162      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9060      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36289063     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18777385     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    151307599                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.477378                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3371619                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022283                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593768783                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169466320                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150019542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    154679218                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1444178                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          583                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3970                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118071                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13333                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           67                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2375300                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles      30545053                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       292547                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157372908                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37216781                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18822651                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       181361                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          173                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3970                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       659624                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658557                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1318181                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150255840                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36172143                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1051759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           54947485                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19689965                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         18775342                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.474060                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            150023366                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           150019542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        81046209                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       159965176                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.473314                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506649                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121890768                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    143242953                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14147072                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18260                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1149089                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285321078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233169475     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19193253      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8937684      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8793764      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2435825      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10063512      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       764503      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559334      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1403728      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285321078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    121890768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    143242953                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             54477183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            35772603                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              9116                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18915527                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       127377944                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1387474                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1403728                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          441307011                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         317155601                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4883211                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              29259069                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         121890768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           143242953                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    121890768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.600324                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.600324                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384568                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384568                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      742857714                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     174208693                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     187856109                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        18232                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       22326957                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18256336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2181703                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9454413                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8834151                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2299110                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97348                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216877721                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            126586001                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          22326957                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     11133261                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            26544534                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6311819                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     10029690                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13333818                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2196098                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    257533731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      230989197     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1440571      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2275477      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3609989      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1512158      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1698504      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1782925      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1168170      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13056740      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    257533731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.399381                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      214844410                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     12079291                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        26461905                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        66834                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4081289                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3662844                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          476                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    154594427                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         3126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4081289                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      215158091                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2378103                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      8736955                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        26220672                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       958619                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    154494473                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents        47019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       264055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       343712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents        87071                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    214468901                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    718661931                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    718661931                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    183372614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       31096278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        40162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22431                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2773035                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14737481                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7922845                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       238954                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1797852                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        154285634                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40283                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       146182874                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       184176                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19281930                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42758716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4533                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257533731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195833788     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24796943      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13553920      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9219693      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8612524      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2487786      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1922296      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       658038      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448743      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257533731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34040     12.70%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102409     38.22%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131515     49.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122458966     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2307296      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17726      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13517126      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7881760      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    146182874                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.461210                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            267964                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    550351617                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173609468                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143849368                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    146450838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       444881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2636168                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          378                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1651                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230583                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9087                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4081289                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1477541                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       132571                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    154326078                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        44642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14737481                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7922845                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22426                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97852                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1651                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1278896                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1240679                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2519575                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    144115355                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12716844                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2067517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 161                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20596721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       20294383                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7879877                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.454686                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            143850286                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           143849368                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        84107036                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       219650100                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.453847                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382914                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107708618                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    132021299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22305190                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35750                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2228467                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253452442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199862330     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25950353     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10103559      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5445608      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4078533      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2274876      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1402318      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1254336      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3080529      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253452442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    107708618                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    132021299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19793575                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12101313                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17836                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18950907                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       118960771                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2681654                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3080529                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          404697687                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         312734502                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3512819                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              59421716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         107708618                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           132021299                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    107708618                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.942712                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.942712                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.339823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.339823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      649906552                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     199398206                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     144209390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35718                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       22262112                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18202427                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2177125                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9393822                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8802866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2293160                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97083                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216331862                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            126228106                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          22262112                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     11096026                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            26461889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6298285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     10047965                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13300261                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2191361                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    256914649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      230452760     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1430436      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2264253      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3599870      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1506934      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1695582      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1776057      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1171298      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13017459      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    256914649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070237                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.398252                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      214305161                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     12090530                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        26380254                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        66263                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      4072439                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3653093                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    154165677                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3116                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      4072439                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      214614756                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2461912                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      8669327                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        26142238                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       953975                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    154070735                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        40517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       263066                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       343941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        81612                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    213880987                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    716679040                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    716679040                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    182872752                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       31008229                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        39969                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22291                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2773292                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14697096                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7902111                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       238736                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1794026                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        153875704                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40090                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       145803196                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183567                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19229042                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42604327                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4436                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256914649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195381497     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24724259      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13519571      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9193170      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8592829      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2481513      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1918775      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       655526      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447509      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256914649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33903     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102231     38.21%     50.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131389     49.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122143478     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2300808      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17678      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13480798      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7860434      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    145803196                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.460012                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            267523                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    548972131                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173146442                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143474080                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    146070719                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       444644                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2628693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          420                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1635                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230727                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9072                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           85                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      4072439                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1529257                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131607                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    153915954                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10531                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14697096                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7902111                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22279                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97003                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1635                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1275047                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1238498                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2513545                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143738396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12682234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2064800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 160                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20540695                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       20238738                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7858461                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.453497                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            143474966                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           143474080                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        83883899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       219069601                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.452663                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382910                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107415141                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    131661678                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22254783                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35654                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2223761                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252842210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199398651     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25879538     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10076932      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5427992      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4068114      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2269056      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1399075      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1250702      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3072150      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252842210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    107415141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    131661678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             19739787                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            12068403                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18899274                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       118636762                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2674363                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3072150                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          403685806                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         311905596                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3504093                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              60040798                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         107415141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           131661678                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    107415141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.950752                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.950752                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.338897                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.338897                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      648208319                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     198878877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     143804499                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        35622                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       22249376                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18193815                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2175086                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9429189                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8805129                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2291029                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97045                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216166385                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            126153799                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          22249376                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11096158                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            26457202                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6292656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     10072646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13290928                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2189230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    256765684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      230308482     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1435856      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2271357      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3598923      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1506528      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1691093      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1777305      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1164660      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13011480      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    256765684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070197                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398017                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      214140533                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     12114654                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        26375216                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        66320                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4068959                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3649236                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    154068900                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3095                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4068959                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      214453661                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2435644                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      8723169                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        26133917                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       950332                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    153969214                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        51164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       262130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       342522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        82146                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    213736897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    716228394                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    716228394                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    182739092                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30997800                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        39835                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22167                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2761420                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14687887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7895812                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       237835                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1793057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        153759040                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39958                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       145683144                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183453                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19214131                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42613396                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4327                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256765684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195277791     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24712187      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13503653      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9190511      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8584524      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2478301      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1915690      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       655839      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447188      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256765684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33787     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       101755     38.15%     50.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131194     49.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122042599     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2299228      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17665      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13469522      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7854130      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    145683144                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266736                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    548582161                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173014739                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143358412                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    145949880                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       442240                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2628280                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          401                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1641                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230004                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9051                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4068959                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1480743                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131968                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    153799161                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14687887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7895812                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97232                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1641                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1275125                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1236821                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2511946                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143623224                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12673277                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2059920                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 163                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20525512                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20222679                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7852235                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453134                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            143359354                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           143358412                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        83820992                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       218911248                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382899                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107336714                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    131565509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22234140                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35631                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2221643                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252696725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199289081     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25862640     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10068617      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5428350      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4064074      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2266944      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1397803      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1250977      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3068239      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252696725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    107336714                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    131565509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             19725412                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12059604                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             17776                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18885445                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       118550120                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2672403                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3068239                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          403427420                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         311668492                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3501034                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              60189763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         107336714                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           131565509                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    107336714                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.952908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.952908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338649                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338649                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      647693915                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     198717890                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     143716521                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        35600                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              316955320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       21414291                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19322273                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1125673                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8926087                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7683781                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1185238                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        50243                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227536874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            134568420                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          21414291                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      8869019                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26636910                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3525797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     31105652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13054996                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1130742                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    287651231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      261014321     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         956398      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1945704      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         829317      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        4429002      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3954078      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         772699      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1586826      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12162886      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    287651231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067562                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424566                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      225213583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     33442699                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26538946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        84630                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2371368                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1880136                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          429                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    157795789                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2387                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2371368                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      225506390                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles      31030801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1384467                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26364662                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       993538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    157711472                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       506786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       321145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        23866                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    185142022                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    742797899                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    742797899                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    164327463                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       20814485                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        18333                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9264                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2260457                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     37239098                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     18836188                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       171978                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       915008                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        157412375                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       151395815                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        85352                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12047463                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28770792                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287651231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233246941     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16639673      5.78%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13440141      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5801703      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7242283      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6875642      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3902445      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       310485      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191918      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287651231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        381070     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2910246     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84910      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94964437     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1319347      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9066      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36312402     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18790563     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    151395815                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477657                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3376226                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593904439                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169482200                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150107334                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    154772041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273181                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1442585                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          617                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3984                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119086                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13342                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2371368                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles      30267525                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       292542                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157430871                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1533                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37239098                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18836188                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9266                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       180518                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          187                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3984                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       661317                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658136                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1319453                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150342197                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36195814                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1053618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 108                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           54984304                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19703866                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         18788490                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474332                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            150111173                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           150107334                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        81096227                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       160052982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473591                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506684                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121973305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    143340141                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14107956                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18272                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1150699                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285279863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233093688     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19206966      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8945999      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8796579      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2434526      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10071327      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       764811      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559901      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1406066      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285279863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    121973305                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    143340141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             54513589                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            35796501                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              9122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18928378                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       127464443                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1388456                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1406066                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          441321530                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         317267896                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4889775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              29304089                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         121973305                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           143340141                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    121973305                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.598563                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.598563                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384828                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384828                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      743299308                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     174301538                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     187936382                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        18244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       24572017                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20104182                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2393018                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10189330                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9678325                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2538714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109407                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236427958                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            137419296                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          24572017                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     12217039                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            28687198                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6531918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     12675938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        14461530                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2394915                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    281899110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      253211912     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1341281      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2124097      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2874766      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2958614      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2505248      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1414415      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        2075704      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       13393073      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    281899110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077525                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433560                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      233992254                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     15133076                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        28633508                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        32955                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4107316                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      4046262                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          392                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    168602680                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2028                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4107316                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      234637575                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2157035                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     11485320                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        28028408                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1483453                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    168538749                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       221264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       635910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    235155176                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    784106626                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    784106626                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    203946161                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       31209015                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        41678                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21631                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         4373241                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     15765551                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8552053                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100440                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      2064175                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        168326865                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41829                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       159861027                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        22015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18583762                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44514797                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1399                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281899110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214236546     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27839165      9.88%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14089488      5.00%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10621556      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8356789      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3385715      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2113708      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1108905      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       147238      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281899110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30276     11.42%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97232     36.67%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137672     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134443799     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2389884      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20045      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14482238      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8525061      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    159861027                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.504364                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            265180                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601908359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186953106                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157484347                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    160126207                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       329796                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2516965                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          653                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124001                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4107316                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1795550                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145498                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168368859                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        68089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15765551                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8552053                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21633                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122510                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          653                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1390944                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1345735                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2736679                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157676075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13629321                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2184952                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 165                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           22154058                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       22406687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8524737                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.497471                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            157484605                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           157484347                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        90396581                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       243583044                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.496866                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371112                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118888282                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    146289895                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22079002                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40430                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2423385                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277791794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217760374     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29760189     10.71%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11235887      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5362354      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4528035      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2589127      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2255525      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022479      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3277824      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277791794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    118888282                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    146289895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             21676638                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            13248586                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             20170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         21095493                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       131805051                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      3012378                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3277824                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          442882061                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         340845175                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3578331                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              35056337                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         118888282                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           146289895                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    118888282                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.665994                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.665994                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.375095                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.375095                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      709670631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     219364079                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     156319763                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        40396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       23238921                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19056871                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2271415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9566349                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9076192                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2382465                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101649                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    221626776                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            132072094                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          23238921                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     11458657                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            29045643                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6462758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     20593522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13652418                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2256478                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    275419357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      246373714     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3150230      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3644612      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2000730      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2299870      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1265551      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         866572      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        2249199      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13568879      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    275419357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073319                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.416690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      219821049                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     22433096                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        28801836                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       231090                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      4132282                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3773208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        21135                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    161206390                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts       103550                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      4132282                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      220173875                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       7700529                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     13744310                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        28691387                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       976970                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    161107172                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       253108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       450401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    223885388                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    750085181                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    750085181                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    191141882                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       32743492                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        41926                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23295                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2610262                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     15368696                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      8376793                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220745                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1860546                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        160854733                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41999                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       151985932                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       214347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20130151                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46596964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4458                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275419357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211382841     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25751219      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13838993      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9584112      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8375271      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4281897      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1040245      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       665880      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       498899      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275419357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40089     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       137853     42.40%     54.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147221     45.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127219665     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2376960      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18614      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14053874      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8316819      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    151985932                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.479518                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            325163                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002139                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    579930730                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181028316                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149464728                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    152311095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       382409                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2704679                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          919                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1437                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       184073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9310                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2906                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      4132282                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       7157341                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       170516                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160896860                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73644                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15368696                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8376793                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23247                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119546                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1437                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1315458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1274837                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2590295                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149750891                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13198516                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2235040                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 128                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           21513250                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       20955661                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          8314734                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            149467058                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           149464728                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        88820515                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       232649234                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.471564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381779                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112243011                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    137708528                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23189788                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37541                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2284419                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271287075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215029694     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26085744      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10935451      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6574650      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4544701      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2938842      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1521429      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1226168      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2430396      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271287075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    112243011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    137708528                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             20856737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            12664017                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             18730                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         19709777                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       124148380                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2801694                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2430396                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          429754241                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         325929002                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3392292                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              41536090                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         112243011                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           137708528                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    112243011                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.823832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.823832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.354129                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.354129                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      675493267                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     207432402                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     150457960                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        37506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21429822                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19335305                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1125769                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8844067                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7687372                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1186669                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        50203                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227651468                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            134666238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21429822                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8874041                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            26658324                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3528693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     31048501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13061577                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1130216                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    287732819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      261074495     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         959612      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1943640      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         833888      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4433539      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3957117      1.38%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         771423      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1586026      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       12173079      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    287732819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.424874                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      225330836                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     33383107                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        26560117                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        84654                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2374100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1881716                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          429                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    157909077                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2354                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2374100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      225622444                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles      30971541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1390853                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        26386851                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       987025                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    157820884                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       505936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       320515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        21577                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    185260143                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    743316713                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    743316713                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    164423971                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       20836172                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        18992                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9917                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2253904                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     37265238                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     18849526                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172617                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       913789                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        157518609                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19049                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       151494037                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        85299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12068487                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28810470                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          764                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287732819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233291857     81.08%     81.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16647033      5.79%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13451559      4.68%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5809206      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7250288      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6878119      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3900859      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311817      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       192081      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287732819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        381365     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2910754     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        85021      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     95024386     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1320727      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9071      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36337005     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18802848     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    151494037                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477966                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3377140                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594183332                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169610110                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150205792                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    154871177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       275786                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1445886                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          606                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3979                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       120568                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13355                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2374100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles      30208019                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       293878                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157537760                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1501                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37265238                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18849526                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9920                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       182028                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          158                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3979                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       660734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658513                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1319247                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150441942                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36221396                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1052095                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 102                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           55022027                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19716484                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         18800631                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474647                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            150209646                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           150205792                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        81153177                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       160155223                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473902                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506716                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    122046886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    143426133                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14128711                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18285                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1150873                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285358719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233141896     81.70%     81.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19214659      6.73%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8951453      3.14%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8805590      3.09%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2437702      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10076433      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       764660      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559743      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1406583      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285358719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    122046886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    143426133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             54548310                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            35819352                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              9128                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18939575                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       127540819                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1389175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1406583                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          441506616                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         317484031                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4891661                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              29222628                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         122046886                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           143426133                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    122046886                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.596997                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.596997                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.385060                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.385060                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      743797539                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     174405104                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     188069904                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        18258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              316955443                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       27450956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22859106                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2498780                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10657394                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10061438                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2953095                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116363                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239060103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            150658941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          27450956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13014533                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            31405556                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6935888                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     21976540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        14843041                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2387706                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    296860355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      265454799     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1927592      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2436691      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3870584      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1615050      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2080738      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2431264      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1108522      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       15935115      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    296860355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086608                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.475332                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      237659154                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     23517133                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        31254319                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        16028                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4413716                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      4174415                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          752                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    184103894                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         3823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4413716                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      237901980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        771563                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     22070122                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        31027715                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       675249                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    182965368                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        96574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       471584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    255555300                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    850864297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    850864297                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    214066414                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       41488886                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        44667                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23459                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2374132                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     17114506                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8961860                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106084                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      2084929                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        178655366                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44824                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       171488513                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170137                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21511054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43643064                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2052                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296860355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224167015     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33141735     11.16%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13611453      4.59%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7586124      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10265709      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3165316      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3115674      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1676592      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130737      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296860355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1183261     79.25%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       157526     10.55%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152203     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144459753     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2349071      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21207      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15725806      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8932676      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    171488513                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541049                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1492991                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641500509                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200212177                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167038621                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    172981504                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       128166                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3185791                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          937                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116941                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           19                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4413716                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        586062                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178700194                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139762                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17114506                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8961860                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23460                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           79                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          937                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1484559                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1394921                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2879480                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168509355                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15472457                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2979158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           24404365                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       23825769                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8931908                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.531650                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            167039111                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           167038621                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers       100094077                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       268756861                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527010                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372434                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124564833                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    153489343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25211577                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42772                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2519974                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292446639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227495458     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32911857     11.25%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11943274      4.08%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5963846      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5443681      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2292763      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2262674      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1079871      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3053215      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292446639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    124564833                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    153489343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             22773634                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            13928715                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             21338                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         22242082                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       138190617                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      3167065                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3053215                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          468093486                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         361815590                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3622956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              20095088                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         124564833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           153489343                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    124564833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.544502                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.544502                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393004                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393004                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      758302967                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     233389097                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     170342351                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        42736                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       27471682                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22871826                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2499103                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10570909                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10060683                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2953412                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116743                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239145342                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            150765257                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          27471682                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     13014095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            31417597                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6941754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     21818221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        14850042                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2388561                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    296805081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      265387484     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1928653      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2428174      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3868126      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1616191      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2083533      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2433880      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1114604      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       15944436      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    296805081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086674                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475667                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      237742864                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     23360321                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        31266437                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        16281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      4419173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      4182483                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          789                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    184233462                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3892                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      4419173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      237985887                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        774719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     21908752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        31039844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       676696                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    183095558                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        97546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       472011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    255707905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    851428199                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    851428199                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    214140920                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       41566975                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        44480                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23264                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2377781                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     17122065                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      8973439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       105977                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      2086799                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        178783094                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44641                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       171598320                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171580                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21548799                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43709459                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1853                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296805081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224074863     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33153889     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13615758      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7592209      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10270031      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3172292      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3118422      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1676764      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130853      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296805081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1184188     79.24%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       157936     10.57%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152317     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144552367     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2349721      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21215      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15730448      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8944569      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    171598320                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.541396                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1494442                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641667743                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200377495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167145507                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    173092762                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       128919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3188468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          967                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       125406                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      4419173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        588704                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73814                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178827738                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       138736                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17122065                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8973439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23265                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64284                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           80                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          967                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1481860                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1399742                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2881602                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168616147                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15476818                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2982173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           24420711                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       23842034                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          8943893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.531987                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            167145977                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           167145507                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers       100141356                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       268897132                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527347                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372415                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124608264                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    153542906                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25285534                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42788                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2520291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292385908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227416550     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32918587     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11947899      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5964219      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5446703      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2293430      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2263084      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080090      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3055346      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292385908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    124608264                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    153542906                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             22781628                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            13933595                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             21346                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         22249866                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       138238846                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      3168180                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3055346                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          468158144                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         362076102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3624163                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              20150366                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         124608264                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           153542906                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    124608264                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.543615                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.543615                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.393141                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.393141                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      758766540                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     233518096                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     170463959                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        42752                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       21394067                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19303602                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1125598                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9285508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7681111                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1183676                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49970                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227330949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            134441709                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          21394067                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      8864787                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            26615665                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3528321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     31115270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13044414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1130752                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    287436185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      260820520     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         958305      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1943817      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         828740      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4427755      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3950098      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         773045      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1583190      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12150715      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    287436185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067499                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.424166                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      224999680                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     33460386                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        26517818                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        84424                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2373872                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1878573                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          433                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    157646592                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2390                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2373872                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      225290663                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles      31057147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1387547                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        26345175                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       981776                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    157561258                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         1120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       507469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       319700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        15590                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    184958767                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    742093905                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    742093905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    164134808                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       20823959                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        18307                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9252                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2252041                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     37201961                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     18816808                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       913932                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        157261321                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       151239701                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        86040                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12061490                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28799034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287436185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233080437     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16625572      5.78%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13431352      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5796973      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7238885      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6866617      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3893922      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311067      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191360      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287436185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380582     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2905785     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84782      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94867796     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1318373      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9055      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36273867     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18770610     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    151239701                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477164                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3371149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022290                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593372776                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169345139                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149952430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    154610850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1445680                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          614                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3975                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       120825                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13328                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           67                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2373872                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles      30284258                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       293220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157279784                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1594                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37201961                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18816808                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9251                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       180748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          189                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3975                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       662668                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       657413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1320081                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150187886                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36157402                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1051815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           54925781                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19683181                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         18768379                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473845                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            149956214                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           149952430                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        81011751                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       159887756                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506679                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121832239                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    143173849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14122823                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18252                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1150705                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285062313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    232932259     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19186395      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8938372      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8786032      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2434106      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10059159      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       764226      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559073      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1402691      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285062313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    121832239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    143173849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             54452264                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            35756281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              9112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18906308                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       127316431                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1386736                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1402691                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          440955930                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         316967475                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4885376                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              29519262                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         121832239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           143173849                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    121832239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.601573                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.601573                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.384383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.384383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      742537442                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     174114440                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     187752204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        18224                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21405835                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19315943                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1123759                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8494066                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7682753                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1180507                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49943                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227327840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            134490503                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21405835                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      8863260                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            26630727                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       3530960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     31297422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13042193                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1129032                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    287634931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      261004204     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         957368      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1949839      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         836807      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        4428653      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3938880      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         769215      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1579989      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12169976      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    287634931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.424320                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      224982189                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     33656683                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        26533542                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        84010                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      2378502                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1878173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          443                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    157739162                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2416                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      2378502                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      225276166                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles      31274328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1362345                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        26359206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       984379                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    157650000                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       504246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       322458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        20399                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    185012361                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    742465482                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    742465482                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    164196650                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       20815694                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        18291                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9228                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2254894                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     37223979                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     18832915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172717                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       912847                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        157346120                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18346                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       151323422                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        95379                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12106564                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28916670                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287634931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233262778     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16625495      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13427665      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5798710      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7250330      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6870143      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3895847      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       312354      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191609      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287634931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        381241     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2906990     86.18%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84760      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94910174     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1318985      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9058      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36309073     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18776132     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    151323422                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.477428                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3372991                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022290                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593750145                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169475008                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150020557                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    154696413                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1453196                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          584                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3986                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129414                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13336                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           55                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      2378502                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles      30502773                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       295476                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157364562                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37223979                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18832915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       183001                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          168                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3986                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       661032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       657835                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1318867                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150269087                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36181069                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1054335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           54955235                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19687209                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         18774166                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.474102                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            150024455                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           150020557                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        81032661                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       159900621                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.473317                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121879141                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    143228857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14153484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18256                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1148692                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285256429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233109718     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19193286      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8938139      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8789675      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2435491      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10061796      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       764072      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559124      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1405128      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285256429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    121879141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    143228857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             54474273                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            35770775                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              9114                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         18913560                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       127365295                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1387236                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1405128                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          441233278                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         317143460                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4882186                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              29320516                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         121879141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           143228857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    121879141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.600572                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.600572                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.384531                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.384531                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      742891372                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     174176196                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     187816978                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        18228                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              316955447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       22308033                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18240659                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2181061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9430611                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8824505                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2297483                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97368                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216727234                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            126483533                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          22308033                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11121988                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26521808                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6309266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     10027950                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13325063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2195471                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    257356940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      230835132     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1438706      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2272037      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3607347      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1510710      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1696410      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1782348      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1168849      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13045401      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    257356940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070382                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399058                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      214694332                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     12076937                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26439733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        66486                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4079450                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3659959                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          480                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    154473598                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3113                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4079450                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      215007957                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2426695                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      8689749                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26198206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       954881                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    154375055                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        48577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       264111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       343941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        82133                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    214300233                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    718108492                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    718108492                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    183225264                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       31074925                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        39984                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22269                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2775170                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14726520                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7916608                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       238751                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1795818                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        154166793                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       146066323                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183952                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19273731                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42741199                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4382                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257356940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195708273     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24777429      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13539199      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9211427      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8608724      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2484822      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1920510      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       658299      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448257      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257356940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33899     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102047     38.15%     50.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131554     49.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122363931     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2305177      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17712      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13504337      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7875166      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    146066323                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.460842                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            267500                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    549941038                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173482242                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143734151                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    146333823                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       444893                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2634910                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          439                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1646                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230497                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9077                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4079450                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1494451                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       132544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    154207046                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        42762                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14726520                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7916608                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97575                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1646                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1276927                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1241059                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2517986                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143999230                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12704932                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2067093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20578150                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       20276692                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7873218                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454320                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            143735125                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           143734151                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        84037960                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       219487050                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453484                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382883                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107622121                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    131915302                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22292286                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35722                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2227747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253277490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199733389     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25926817     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10095625      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5439482      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4076426      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2272326      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1401536      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1252873      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3079016      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253277490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    107622121                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    131915302                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19777715                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12091608                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18935693                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       118865269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2679503                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3079016                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          404405347                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         312494885                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3511026                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              59598507                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         107622121                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           131915302                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    107622121                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.945077                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.945077                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339550                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339550                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      649382658                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     199239832                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     144091471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        35690                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        20884                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.831918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        22932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         7.974577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.775612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.568584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1677.204433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         339.283288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.818947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.165666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 41473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7636                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                7636                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  41557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41556                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 41557                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               20883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                20884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20850                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               20884                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54334773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16796582921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16850917694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       761099                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       761099                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54334773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16797344020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16851678793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54334773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16797344020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16851678793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             62356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7636                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            7636                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              62441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             62441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1598081.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 805630.146338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806920.351195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       761099                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       761099                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1598081.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 805628.010552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806918.157106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1598081.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 805628.010552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806918.157106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               2836                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    2836                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           20884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          20884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51349461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14965575275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15016924736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       673299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       673299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51349461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14966248574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15017598035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51349461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14966248574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15017598035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1510278.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 717807.821718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719098.057559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       673299                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       673299                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1510278.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 717805.687002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719095.864537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1510278.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 717805.687002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719095.864537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        21974                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.514680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         251461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        24022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        10.467946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.504508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.561512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1689.510891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         325.937769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.824956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.159149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 40880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22222                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               22222                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  41053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41052                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 41053                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               21959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                21960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21921                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               21960                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69128400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18900723462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18969851862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       357673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       357673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69128400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18901081135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    18970209535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69128400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18901081135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   18970209535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             62839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22222                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           22222                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              63013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             63013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.005747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1772523.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 862259.282026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 863875.944351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       357673                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       357673                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1772523.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 862236.263628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 863852.893215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1772523.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 862236.263628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 863852.893215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              11785                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   11785                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           21960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          21960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65701078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16975356481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17041057559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       269873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       269873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65701078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16975626354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17041327432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65701078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16975626354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17041327432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684643.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 774423.197126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776039.781365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       269873                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       269873                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684643.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 774400.180375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776016.731876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684643.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 774400.180375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776016.731876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        14112                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.456003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         212011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        16160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        13.119493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.077177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     4.987742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1551.991535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         463.399550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.757808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.226269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 34234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10965                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               10965                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  34413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34411                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 34413                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               14105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                14105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14063                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               14105                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71507459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11463919726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11535427185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71507459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11463919726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    11535427185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71507459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11463919726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   11535427185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        48295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             48339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10965                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           10965                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        48474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              48518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        48474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             48518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1702558.547619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815183.085117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817825.394186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1702558.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815183.085117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817825.394186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1702558.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815183.085117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817825.394186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               6281                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    6281                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           14104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          14104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67818236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10227723381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10295541617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67818236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10227723381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10295541617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67818236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10227723381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10295541617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1614719.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 727330.634405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729973.171937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1614719.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 727330.634405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729973.171937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1614719.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 727330.634405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729973.171937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        40628                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.930431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         224962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        42676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.271394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.776435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     1.568561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1846.059935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         196.525499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.901396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.095960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 48855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14972                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               14972                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  48890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48889                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 48890                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               40578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                40628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40590                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               40628                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77986912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  38569793859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38647780771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     82285057                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     82285057                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77986912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  38652078916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    38730065828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77986912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  38652078916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   38730065828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        89394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             89433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14972                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           14972                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        89479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              89518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        89479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             89518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.588235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.588235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2052287.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951400.933868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952431.878629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1645701.140000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1645701.140000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2052287.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 952256.194038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953285.070099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2052287.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 952256.194038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953285.070099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               6339                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    6339                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           40628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          40628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74650512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35009713879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35084364391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     77895057                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77895057                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74650512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35087608936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35162259448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74650512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35087608936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35162259448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.588235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.588235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1964487.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863584.456808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864615.416999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1557901.140000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557901.140000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1964487.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 864439.737275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865468.628729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1964487.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 864439.737275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865468.628729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        34704                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.619834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         185184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        36752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.038746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.160933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.671903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1673.743900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         359.043098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.817258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.175314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        43896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 43897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9073                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9073                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        44012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  44013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        44012                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 44013                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               34667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                34697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34659                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               34697                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64414806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31864552416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31928967222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23272337                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23272337                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64414806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31887824753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    31952239559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64414806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31887824753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   31952239559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             78564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9073                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9073                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              78710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             78710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.440993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.440556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.440556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1695126.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 920169.580872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921019.044682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 775744.566667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 775744.566667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1695126.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 920044.570040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 920893.436291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1695126.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 920044.570040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 920893.436291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5264                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5264                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           34697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          34697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61078406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28823873360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28884951766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     20638311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20638311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61078406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28844511671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28905590077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61078406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28844511671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28905590077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.440993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.440556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.440556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1607326.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 832362.279015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833211.750829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 687943.700000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 687943.700000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1607326.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 832237.273753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833086.147996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1607326.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 832237.273753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833086.147996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        34605                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.617597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         185075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        36653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.049382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.201578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.647039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1673.017714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         359.751266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.816903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.175660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        43809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 43810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9051                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                9051                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        43925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  43926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        43925                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 43926                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               34568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                34598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34560                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               34598                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58527247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  32195600867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32254128114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     28796954                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28796954                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58527247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  32224397821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    32282925068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58527247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  32224397821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   32282925068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        78339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             78378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9051                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            9051                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        78485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              78524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        78485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             78524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.440777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.440339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.440339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1540190.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932395.043933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933063.183117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 959898.466667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959898.466667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1540190.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932418.918432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933086.452049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1540190.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932418.918432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933086.452049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5253                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5253                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           34598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          34598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55188828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29163240569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29218429397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26161827                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26161827                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55188828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29189402396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29244591224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55188828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29189402396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29244591224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.440777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.440339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.440339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1452337.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 844576.906140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845245.006856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 872060.900000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872060.900000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1452337.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 844600.763773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845268.258975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1452337.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 844600.763773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845268.258975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        34662                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.617251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         185041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        36710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.040616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.841683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.674066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1674.428310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         358.673192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.817592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.175133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 43771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                9055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  43887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43886                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 43887                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               34626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                34655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34617                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               34655                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50232721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32289538280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32339771001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     25110481                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25110481                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50232721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32314648761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    32364881482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50232721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32314648761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   32364881482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             78397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            9055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              78542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             78542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1321913.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933547.423384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933973.632559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 865878.655172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865878.655172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1321913.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933490.734639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933916.649315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1321913.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933490.734639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933916.649315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5247                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5247                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           34655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          34655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     46894264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29251819408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29298713672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     22563229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22563229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     46894264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29274382637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29321276901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     46894264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29274382637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29321276901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1234059.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845721.620446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846147.798533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 778042.379310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778042.379310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1234059.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845664.922928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846090.806550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1234059.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845664.922928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846090.806550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        40609                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.931871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         225049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        42657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.275781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.637243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     1.461047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1846.360570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         196.473011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.901543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.095934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 48910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          15004                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               15004                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  48944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48943                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 48944                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               40559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                40609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40572                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               40609                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71963367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  38303494975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38375458342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     85198962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     85198962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71963367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  38388693937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    38460657304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71963367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  38388693937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   38460657304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        89431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             89469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15004                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           15004                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        89515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              89553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        89515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             89553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1944955.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945251.837891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946163.819177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1703979.240000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1703979.240000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1944955.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 946186.876097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947096.882563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1944955.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 946186.876097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947096.882563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               6337                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    6337                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           40609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          40609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68714767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34745277023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34813991790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     80808962                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80808962                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68714767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34826085985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34894800752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68714767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34826085985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34894800752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1857155.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857442.303514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858354.293498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1616179.240000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1616179.240000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1857155.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858377.353470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859287.368613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1857155.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858377.353470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859287.368613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        14118                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.454058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         212051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        16166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        13.117098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.072773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.713556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1551.767868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         463.899862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.757699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.226514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 34269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               10970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  34449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34447                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 34449                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               14111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                14111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14071                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               14111                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90598676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11469131905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11559730581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90598676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11469131905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    11559730581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90598676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11469131905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   11559730581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        48338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             48380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           10970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        48518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              48560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        48518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             48560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2264966.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 815090.036600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819199.956134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2264966.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 815090.036600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819199.956134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2264966.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 815090.036600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819199.956134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               6288                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    6288                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           14110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          14110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87084105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10231896946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10318981051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87084105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10231896946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10318981051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87084105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10231896946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10318981051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2177102.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 727213.713291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731323.958257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2177102.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 727213.713291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731323.958257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2177102.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 727213.713291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731323.958257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        22078                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.513642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         251459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        24126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        10.422739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          30.606472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.535303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1685.033654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         329.338213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.822770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.160810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 40903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22199                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               22199                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  41077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41076                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 41077                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        22022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               22061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        22025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                22064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        22025                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               22064                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74268532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19135073033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   19209341565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2219727                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2219727                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74268532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19137292760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    19211561292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74268532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19137292760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   19211561292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             62964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22199                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           22199                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        63101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              63141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        63101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             63141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.016949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1904321.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 868907.139815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 870737.571506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       739909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       739909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1904321.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 868889.569126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 870719.782995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1904321.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 868889.569126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 870719.782995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              11789                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   11789                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        22022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          22061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        22025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           22064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        22025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          22064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70843411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17200887452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17271730863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1956327                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1956327                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70843411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17202843779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17273687190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70843411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17202843779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17273687190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1816497.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 781077.443102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782907.885545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       652109                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       652109                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1816497.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 781059.876459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782890.101070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1816497.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 781059.876459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782890.101070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        40690                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.933036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         225030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        42738                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.265338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.628377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     1.516927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1846.463108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         196.324625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.901593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.095862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 48895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          15001                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               15001                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  48928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48927                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 48928                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               40639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                40690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40653                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               40690                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75306714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  38260531899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38335838613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79546298                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     79546298                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75306714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  38340078197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    38415384911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75306714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  38340078197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   38415384911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        89496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             89534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15001                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           15001                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        89580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              89618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        89580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             89618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.453674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.607143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.453818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.453818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2035316.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942331.212724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943326.327247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1559731.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1559731.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2035316.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 943105.753499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944098.916466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2035316.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 943105.753499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944098.916466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               6343                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    6343                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           40690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          40690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72058114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34695262018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34767320132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     75068460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75068460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72058114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34770330478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34842388592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72058114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34770330478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34842388592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.453674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.453818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.453818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1947516.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854521.009261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855516.133074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1471930.588235                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1471930.588235                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1947516.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855295.561902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856288.734136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1947516.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855295.561902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856288.734136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        10233                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.141225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         233626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        12281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        19.023369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.529128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.853047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1417.612870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         584.146180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.692194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.285228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 33421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10403                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               10403                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  33679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33677                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 33679                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               10213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                10230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10188                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               10230                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    109817890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8456063193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8565881083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17508085                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     17508085                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    109817890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8473571278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     8583389168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    109817890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8473571278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    8583389168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        43590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             43634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10403                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           10403                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        43865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              43909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        43865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             43909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.061818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.061818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2614711.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831389.557861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838723.301968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1029887.352941                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1029887.352941                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2614711.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831720.777189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 839040.974389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2614711.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831720.777189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 839040.974389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5416                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5416                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           10230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          10230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106130040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7562719643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7668849683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16015485                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16015485                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106130040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7578735128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7684865168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106130040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7578735128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7684865168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.061818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2526905.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 743557.137253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750890.990209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 942087.352941                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 942087.352941                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2526905.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 743888.410679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751208.716325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2526905.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 743888.410679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751208.716325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        10234                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.145405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         233695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        12282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        19.027439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.534824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     4.887023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1417.628275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         584.095283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.692201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.285203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 33468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10425                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               10425                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  33725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33722                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 33725                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               10214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                10231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10189                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               10231                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    115145843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8411654240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8526800083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21684821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21684821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    115145843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8433339061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     8548484904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    115145843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8433339061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    8548484904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        43637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             43682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10425                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           10425                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        43911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              43956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        43911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             43956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.062044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.062044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2741567.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 826942.021235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834814.967985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1275577.705882                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1275577.705882                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2741567.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 827690.554618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 835547.346691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2741567.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 827690.554618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 835547.346691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5417                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5417                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           10231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          10231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    111457244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7518265088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7629722332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     20192221                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20192221                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    111457244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7538457309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7649914553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    111457244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7538457309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7649914553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.062044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2653743.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739113.752261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746986.717447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1187777.705882                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1187777.705882                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2653743.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739862.332810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747719.143095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2653743.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739862.332810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747719.143095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        40589                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.931570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         224931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        42637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.275488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.629573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     1.467098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1845.998909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         196.835990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.901367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.096111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 48840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               14957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  48873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48872                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 48873                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               40538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                40589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40553                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               40589                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60019636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  38487631119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38547650755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     87669456                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     87669456                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60019636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  38575300575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    38635320211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60019636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  38575300575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   38635320211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        89341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             89378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           14957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        89425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              89462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        89425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             89462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.607143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1667212.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950264.952817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950901.641793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1719008.941176                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1719008.941176                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1667212.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 951231.735630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951866.767129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1667212.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 951231.735630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951866.767129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               6331                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    6331                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           40589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          40589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     56858836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34930893323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34987752159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     83191146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83191146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     56858836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35014084469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35070943305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     56858836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35014084469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35070943305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1579412.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862448.603106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863085.306601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1631198.941176                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1631198.941176                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1579412.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 863415.393904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864050.439898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1579412.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 863415.393904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864050.439898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        40656                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.931677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         224890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        42704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.266251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.629826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     1.557552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1846.055709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         196.688590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.901394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.096039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        48793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 48794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               14961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        48827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  48828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        48827                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 48828                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               40606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                40656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40617                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               40656                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71684523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  38554569990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38626254513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     79351762                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     79351762                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71684523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  38633921752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    38705606275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71684523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  38633921752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   38705606275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        89360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             89400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           14961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        89444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              89484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        89444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             89484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.454105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.454105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1838064.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 950392.436956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951245.001059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1587035.240000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1587035.240000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1838064.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 951176.151661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952026.915461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1838064.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 951176.151661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952026.915461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               6336                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    6336                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           40656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          40656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68260323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  34992055674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35060315997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     74961330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74961330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68260323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35067017004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35135277327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68260323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35067017004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35135277327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.454105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.454105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1750264.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 862574.399734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863426.981160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1499226.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1499226.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1750264.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 863358.126006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864208.907099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1750264.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 863358.126006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864208.907099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        34683                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.618384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         185145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        36731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.040565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.158483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.779908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1673.354794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         359.325198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.817068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.175452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        43867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 43868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9063                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                9063                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        43983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  43984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        43983                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 43984                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               34646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                34676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34637                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               34676                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54742688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31932488055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31987230743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27454642                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27454642                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54742688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31959942697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    32014685385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54742688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31959942697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   32014685385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             78514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9063                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            9063                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              78660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             78660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1403658.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 922717.602075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923258.983519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 915154.733333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915154.733333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1403658.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 922711.051679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923251.972113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1403658.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 922711.051679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923251.972113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5263                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5263                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           34676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          34676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51318488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28893566867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28944885355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24819318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24819318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51318488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28918386185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28969704673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51318488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28918386185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28969704673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1315858.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 834905.275436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835446.670756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 827310.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827310.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1315858.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 834898.697491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835439.631820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1315858.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 834898.697491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835439.631820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.735206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013975969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1804227.702847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    33.718188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.017018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.054036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13943700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13943700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13943700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13943700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13943700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13943700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     71841738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71841738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     71841738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71841738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     71841738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71841738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13943748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13943748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13943748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13943748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13943748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13943748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1496702.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1496702.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1496702.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1496702.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1496702.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1496702.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54684972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54684972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54684972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54684972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54684972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54684972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1562427.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562427.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1562427.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562427.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1562427.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562427.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243199134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3881.126265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   200.532927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    55.467073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.783332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.216668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20489699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20489699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9314                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9314                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24436550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24436550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24436550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24436550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       218901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       219273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       219273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97322368287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97322368287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     38095109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38095109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97360463396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97360463396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97360463396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97360463396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20708600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20708600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9314                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9314                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24655823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24655823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24655823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24655823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 444595.357203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444595.357203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102406.206989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102406.206989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 444014.828073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444014.828073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 444014.828073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444014.828073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156867                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156867                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19687877612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19687877612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6226057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6226057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19694103669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19694103669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19694103669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19694103669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 315910.810353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315910.810353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73247.729412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73247.729412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 315580.291462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315580.291462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 315580.291462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315580.291462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              521.059924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1088338057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2084938.806513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    39.059924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13670230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13670230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13670230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13670230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13670230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13670230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85879372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85879372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85879372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85879372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85879372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85879372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13670281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13670281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13670281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13670281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13670281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13670281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1683909.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1683909.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1683909.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1683909.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1683909.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1683909.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69530417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69530417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69530417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69530417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69530417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69530417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1738260.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1738260.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1738260.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1738260.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1738260.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1738260.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                62973                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              186191319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                63229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2944.713960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.251046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.748954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.915043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.084957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9644186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9644186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8155214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8155214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17799400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17799400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17799400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17799400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       215091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5193                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5193                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       220284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       220284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       220284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       220284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  91149889997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91149889997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3125734394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3125734394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  94275624391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94275624391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  94275624391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94275624391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9859277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9859277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8160407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8160407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18019684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18019684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18019684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18019684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 423773.612085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423773.612085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 601913.035625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 601913.035625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 427973.091060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427973.091060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 427973.091060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427973.091060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     28918621                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets            68                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 425273.838235                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           22222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       152292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       157311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       157311                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157311                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21772376173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21772376173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11544044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11544044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21783920217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21783920217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21783920217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21783920217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 346699.408796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346699.408796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66345.080460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66345.080460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 345924.764852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345924.764852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 345924.764852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345924.764852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.783968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1087598813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2095566.113680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    42.783968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.068564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14463276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14463276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14463276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       14463276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14463276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      14463276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86105839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86105839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86105839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86105839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86105839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86105839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14463337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14463337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14463337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     14463337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14463337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     14463337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1411571.131148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1411571.131148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1411571.131148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1411571.131148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1411571.131148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1411571.131148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72002565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72002565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72002565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72002565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72002565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72002565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1636421.931818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1636421.931818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1636421.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1636421.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1636421.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1636421.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                48474                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              180574555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                48730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3705.613688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.559322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.440678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9958870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9958870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8382727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8382727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        21906                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21906                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18341597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       18341597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18341597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      18341597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       155098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1056                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1056                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       156154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       156154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       156154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       156154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  51738969901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51738969901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     89182834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89182834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  51828152735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51828152735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  51828152735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51828152735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     10113968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10113968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8383783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8383783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        21906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18497751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18497751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18497751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18497751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 333588.891546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333588.891546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84453.441288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84453.441288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331904.099383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331904.099383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331904.099383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331904.099383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           10965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       106803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       107680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       107680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        48295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        48474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        48474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13813382033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13813382033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11561335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11561335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13824943368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13824943368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13824943368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13824943368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 286020.955233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286020.955233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64588.463687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64588.463687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 285203.271197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285203.271197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 285203.271197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285203.271197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              578.557648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1120571760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1925381.030928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.496010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.061638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.060090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13044442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13044442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13044442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13044442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13044442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13044442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103646603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103646603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103646603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103646603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103646603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103646603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13044501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13044501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13044501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13044501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13044501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13044501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1756722.084746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1756722.084746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1756722.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1756722.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1756722.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1756722.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78373786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78373786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78373786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78373786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78373786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78373786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2009584.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009584.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2009584.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009584.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2009584.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009584.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                89479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              488030588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                89735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5438.575673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.912798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.087202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     34121218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34121218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18685715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18685715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     52806933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       52806933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     52806933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      52806933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       326423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       326789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       326789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       326789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       326789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159370929188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159370929188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    300797357                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    300797357                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159671726545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159671726545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159671726545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159671726545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     34447641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34447641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18686081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18686081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     53133722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53133722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     53133722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53133722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 488234.374379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488234.374379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 821850.702186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821850.702186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 488608.020910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488608.020910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 488608.020910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488608.020910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       255446                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       255446                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           14972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       237029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       237310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       237310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        89394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        89479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        89479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42243579063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42243579063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     85064973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85064973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42328644036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42328644036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42328644036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42328644036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 472554.970837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472554.970837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1000764.388235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000764.388235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 473056.739973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473056.739973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 473056.739973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473056.739973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              527.905441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1092520237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2065255.646503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.905441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13333760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13333760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13333760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13333760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13333760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13333760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96785186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96785186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96785186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96785186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96785186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96785186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13333818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13333818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13333818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13333818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13333818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13333818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1668710.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1668710.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1668710.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1668710.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1668710.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1668710.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64826274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64826274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64826274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64826274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64826274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64826274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1662212.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1662212.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1662212.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1662212.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1662212.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1662212.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                78671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              194054399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                78927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              2458.656721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.336665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.663335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.915378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.084622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9239464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9239464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7655171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7655171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22239                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22239                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17859                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17859                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16894635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16894635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16894635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16894635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       205472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1010                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1010                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       206482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       206482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       206482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       206482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  89163649966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89163649966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    308844375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    308844375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  89472494341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89472494341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  89472494341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89472494341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9444936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9444936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7656181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7656181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        22239                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22239                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17859                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17859                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17101117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17101117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17101117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17101117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 433945.500925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433945.500925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 305786.509901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 305786.509901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 433318.615381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433318.615381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 433318.615381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433318.615381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156107                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156107                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       126947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127811                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127811                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35034646300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35034646300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     31011339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31011339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35065657639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35065657639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35065657639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35065657639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 446159.137854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446159.137854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 212406.431507                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212406.431507                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 445725.332575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445725.332575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 445725.332575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445725.332575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              528.069797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1092486682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2065192.215501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.069797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13300205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13300205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13300205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13300205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13300205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13300205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91180642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91180642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91180642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91180642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91180642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91180642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13300261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13300261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13300261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13300261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13300261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13300261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1628225.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1628225.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1628225.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1628225.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1628225.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1628225.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58942485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58942485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58942485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58942485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58942485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58942485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1511345.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1511345.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1511345.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1511345.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1511345.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1511345.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                78485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              194006986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                78741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2463.862359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.340841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.659159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.915394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.084606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9213001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9213001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7634412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7634412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22096                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22096                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16847413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       16847413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16847413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      16847413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       205292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          987                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          987                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       206279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       206279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       206279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       206279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  90238280329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90238280329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    367065688                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    367065688                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  90605346017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90605346017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  90605346017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90605346017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9418293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9418293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7635399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7635399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        22096                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22096                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17811                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17811                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17053692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17053692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17053692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17053692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439560.627443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439560.627443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 371900.393110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 371900.393110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439236.887987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439236.887987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439236.887987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439236.887987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       493192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       493192                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            9051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       126953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       127794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       127794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        78339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        78485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        78485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35359090099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35359090099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     36535167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36535167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35395625266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35395625266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35395625266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35395625266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 451359.987988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451359.987988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 250240.869863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250240.869863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 450985.860559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450985.860559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 450985.860559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450985.860559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.992250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1092477350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2065174.574669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.992250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13290873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13290873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13290873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13290873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13290873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13290873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81106525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81106525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81106525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81106525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81106525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81106525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13290928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13290928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13290928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13290928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13290928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13290928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1474664.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1474664.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1474664.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1474664.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1474664.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1474664.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50628694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50628694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50628694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50628694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50628694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50628694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1298171.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1298171.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1298171.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1298171.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1298171.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1298171.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                78503                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              193997484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                78759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2463.178608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.343674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.656326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9209236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9209236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7628815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7628815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        21967                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21967                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17800                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17800                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16838051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       16838051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16838051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      16838051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       204723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1032                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1032                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       205755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       205755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       205755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       205755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  90327481825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90327481825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    351085585                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    351085585                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  90678567410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90678567410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  90678567410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90678567410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9413959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9413959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7629847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7629847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        21967                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21967                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17800                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17800                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17043806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17043806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17043806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17043806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 441218.044993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441218.044993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 340199.210271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340199.210271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440711.367452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440711.367452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440711.367452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440711.367452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156159                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            9055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       126365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35451014567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35451014567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32837606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32837606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35483852173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35483852173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35483852173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35483852173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452423.678080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452423.678080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 226466.248276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226466.248276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452006.320434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452006.320434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452006.320434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452006.320434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              577.434077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1120582259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1928713.010327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    36.407819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.026258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.058346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13054941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13054941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13054941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13054941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13054941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13054941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95951536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95951536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95951536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95951536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95951536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95951536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13054996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13054996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13054996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13054996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13054996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13054996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1744573.381818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1744573.381818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1744573.381818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1744573.381818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1744573.381818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1744573.381818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72338792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72338792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72338792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72338792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72338792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72338792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1903652.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903652.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1903652.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903652.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1903652.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903652.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                89513                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              488065683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                89769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5436.906761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.913403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.086597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     34143764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34143764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18698245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18698245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9146                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9146                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     52842009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       52842009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     52842009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      52842009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       326414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       326746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       326746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       326746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       326746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 158432364075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 158432364075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    307704031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    307704031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 158740068106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 158740068106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 158740068106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 158740068106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     34470178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34470178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18698577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18698577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9146                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9146                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     53168755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53168755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     53168755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53168755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 485372.453617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 485372.453617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 926819.370482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926819.370482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 485820.998898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485820.998898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 485820.998898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485820.998898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           15004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       236983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       237231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       237231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        89431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        89515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        89515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  41980615161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41980615161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     87939204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87939204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42068554365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42068554365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42068554365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42068554365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 469419.051123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469419.051123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1046895.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1046895.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 469960.949171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469960.949171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 469960.949171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469960.949171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              516.067545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1087597006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2103669.257253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    41.067545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.065813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14461469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14461469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14461469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       14461469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14461469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      14461469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111704038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111704038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111704038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111704038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111704038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111704038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14461529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14461529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14461529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     14461529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14461529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     14461529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1861733.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1861733.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1861733.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1861733.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1861733.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1861733.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       165447                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 82723.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91064734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91064734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91064734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91064734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91064734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91064734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2168207.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168207.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2168207.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168207.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2168207.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168207.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                48518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180582744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                48774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3702.438676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.557487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.442513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9961969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9961969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8388224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8388224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18350193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       18350193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18350193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      18350193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       155167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       156227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       156227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       156227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       156227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  52009247355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52009247355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     89238970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89238970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  52098486325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52098486325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  52098486325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52098486325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     10117136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10117136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8389284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8389284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        21484                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21484                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18506420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18506420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18506420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18506420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335182.399318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335182.399318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84187.707547                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84187.707547                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333479.400648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333479.400648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333479.400648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333479.400648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           10970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       106829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       107709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       107709                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107709                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        48338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        48518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        48518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13820930176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13820930176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11593777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11593777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13832523953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13832523953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13832523953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13832523953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 285922.673176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285922.673176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64409.872222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64409.872222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 285100.868812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285100.868812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 285100.868812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285100.868812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              520.209975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1088320190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2084904.578544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    39.110993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   481.098982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.062678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.770992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13652363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13652363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13652363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13652363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13652363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13652363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105488121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105488121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105488121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105488121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105488121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105488121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13652418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13652418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13652418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13652418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13652418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13652418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1917965.836364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1917965.836364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1917965.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1917965.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1917965.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1917965.836364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74678491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74678491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74678491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74678491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74678491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74678491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1866962.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866962.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1866962.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866962.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1866962.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866962.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                63101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              186173098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                63357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2938.477169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.251472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.748528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.915045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.084955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9633701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9633701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8147496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8147496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17781197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       17781197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17781197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      17781197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       215040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5179                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5179                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       220219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       220219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       220219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       220219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  91688617953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91688617953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3157777698                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3157777698                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  94846395651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94846395651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  94846395651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94846395651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9848741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9848741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8152675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8152675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18001416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18001416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18001416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18001416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000635                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000635                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 426379.361761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426379.361761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 609727.302182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 609727.302182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 430691.246673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430691.246673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 430691.246673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430691.246673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     34963761                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            70                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 499482.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           22199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       157118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       157118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        63101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        63101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22008297970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22008297970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13500747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13500747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22021798717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22021798717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22021798717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22021798717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 349759.995709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349759.995709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 76275.406780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76275.406780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 348992.864091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348992.864091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 348992.864091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348992.864091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              576.732277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1120588837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1928724.332186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.705935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.026342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.057221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.924250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13061519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13061519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13061519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13061519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13061519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13061519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107515777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107515777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107515777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107515777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107515777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107515777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13061577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13061577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13061577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13061577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13061577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13061577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1853720.293103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1853720.293103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1853720.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1853720.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1853720.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1853720.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75696684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75696684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75696684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75696684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75696684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75696684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1992018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1992018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1992018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1992018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1992018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1992018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                89580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              488099713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                89836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5433.230698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.912937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.087063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     34165277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34165277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18710099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18710099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     52875376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       52875376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     52875376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      52875376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       326437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       326773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       326773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       326773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       326773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 158192778348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 158192778348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    310666183                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    310666183                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 158503444531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 158503444531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 158503444531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 158503444531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     34491714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34491714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18710435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18710435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     53202149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53202149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     53202149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53202149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 484604.313690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 484604.313690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 924601.735119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924601.735119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 485056.735198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485056.735198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 485056.735198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485056.735198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           15001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       236941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       237193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       237193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        89496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        89580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        89580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  41937212129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41937212129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     82240110                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82240110                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  42019452239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42019452239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  42019452239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42019452239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 468593.145269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 468593.145269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 979048.928571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 979048.928571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 469071.804409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469071.804409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 469071.804409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469071.804409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.466612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1090966997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2186306.607214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    40.466612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.064850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14842983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14842983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14842983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       14842983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14842983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      14842983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    166985720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166985720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    166985720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166985720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    166985720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166985720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14843039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14843039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14843039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     14843039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14843039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     14843039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2981887.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2981887.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2981887.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2981887.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2981887.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2981887.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3386052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       846513                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    110295987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110295987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    110295987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110295987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    110295987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110295987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2506726.977273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2506726.977273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2506726.977273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2506726.977273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2506726.977273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2506726.977273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                43865                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              179045654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                44121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4058.059745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.552423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.447577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     11851123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11851123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8798720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8798720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21368                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21368                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20649843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       20649843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20649843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      20649843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       112699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       112699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       115459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       115459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       115459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       115459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  25710790066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25710790066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    332825032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    332825032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26043615098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26043615098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26043615098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26043615098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     11963822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11963822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8801480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8801480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        23126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        23126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        21368                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21368                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20765302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20765302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20765302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20765302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 228136.807478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228136.807478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120588.779710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120588.779710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 225565.916022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225565.916022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 225565.916022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225565.916022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2182167                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 311738.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           10403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        69109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        71594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        71594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        43590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        43865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        43865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10714285043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10714285043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     36505362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36505362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10750790405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10750790405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10750790405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10750790405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245796.858064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245796.858064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132746.770909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132746.770909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245088.120483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245088.120483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245088.120483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245088.120483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              496.332565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1090973996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2181947.992000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    41.332565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.066238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14849982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14849982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14849982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       14849982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14849982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      14849982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    173391675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173391675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    173391675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    173391675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    173391675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    173391675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14850040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14850040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14850040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     14850040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14850040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     14850040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2989511.637931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2989511.637931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2989511.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2989511.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2989511.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2989511.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3435475                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 858868.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    115688010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115688010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    115688010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115688010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    115688010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115688010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2570844.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2570844.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2570844.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2570844.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2570844.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2570844.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                43911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              179050984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                44167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4053.953948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.553697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.446303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     11853529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11853529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8801836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8801836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        22926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21376                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21376                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20655365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       20655365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20655365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      20655365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       112926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       112926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       115668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       115668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       115668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       115668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25603618138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25603618138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    343150655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    343150655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25946768793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25946768793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25946768793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25946768793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     11966455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11966455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8804578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8804578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        22926                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22926                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        21376                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21376                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20771033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20771033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20771033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20771033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226729.168996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226729.168996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125146.117797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125146.117797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 224321.063674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224321.063674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 224321.063674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224321.063674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1319646                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 329911.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           10425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        69289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        71757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        71757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        43637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        43911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        43911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10672851268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10672851268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     40640739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40640739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10713492007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10713492007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10713492007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10713492007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 244582.608062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244582.608062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 148323.864964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148323.864964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 243981.963677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243981.963677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 243981.963677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243981.963677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              576.362144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1120571675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1932020.129310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.335752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.026392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.056628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.923657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13044357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13044357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13044357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13044357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13044357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13044357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81589991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81589991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81589991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81589991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81589991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81589991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13044414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13044414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13044414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13044414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13044414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13044414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1431403.350877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1431403.350877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1431403.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1431403.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1431403.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1431403.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60400349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60400349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60400349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60400349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60400349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60400349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1632441.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632441.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1632441.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632441.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1632441.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632441.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                89425                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              488007874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                89681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5441.597150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.915671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.084329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     34107095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34107095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18677127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18677127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     52784222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       52784222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     52784222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      52784222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       325687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       325687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       326053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       326053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       326053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       326053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 158942346903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 158942346903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    336527001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    336527001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159278873904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159278873904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159278873904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159278873904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     34432782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34432782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18677493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18677493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     53110275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53110275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     53110275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53110275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 488021.772140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488021.772140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 919472.680328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919472.680328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 488506.083072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488506.083072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 488506.083072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488506.083072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       251174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       251174                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           14957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       236346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       236628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       236628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        89341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        89425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        89425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42159496070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42159496070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90349223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90349223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42249845293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42249845293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42249845293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42249845293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 471894.159121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471894.159121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1075585.988095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1075585.988095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 472461.227766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472461.227766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 472461.227766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472461.227766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              578.238844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1120569450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1922074.528302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.093646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   540.145198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.061048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.865617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13042132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13042132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13042132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13042132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13042132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13042132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96628143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96628143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96628143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96628143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96628143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96628143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13042193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13042193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13042193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13042193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13042193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13042193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1584067.918033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1584067.918033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1584067.918033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1584067.918033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1584067.918033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1584067.918033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72073665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72073665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72073665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72073665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72073665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72073665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1801841.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1801841.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1801841.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1801841.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1801841.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1801841.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                89444                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              488038568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                89700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              5440.786711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.913588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.086412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     34130279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34130279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18684640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18684640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     52814919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       52814919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     52814919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      52814919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       326496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       326857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       326857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       326857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       326857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159183574769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159183574769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    307087493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    307087493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159490662262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159490662262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159490662262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159490662262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     34456775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34456775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18685001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18685001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     53141776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53141776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     53141776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53141776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 487551.378176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487551.378176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 850657.875346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 850657.875346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 487952.414242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 487952.414242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 487952.414242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 487952.414242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       203313                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       203313                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           14961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       237136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       237413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       237413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        89360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        89444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        89444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42224152214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42224152214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     82080103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82080103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42306232317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42306232317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42306232317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42306232317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 472517.370345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472517.370345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 977144.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977144.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 472991.283004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472991.283004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 472991.283004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472991.283004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              527.184972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1092511484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2061342.422642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.184972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13325007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13325007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13325007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13325007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13325007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13325007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79161969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79161969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79161969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79161969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79161969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79161969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13325063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13325063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13325063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13325063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13325063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13325063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1413606.589286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1413606.589286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1413606.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1413606.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1413606.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1413606.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55132273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55132273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55132273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55132273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55132273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55132273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1378306.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1378306.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1378306.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1378306.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1378306.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1378306.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                78620                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              194038912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                78876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2460.050104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.343146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.656854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.915403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.084597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9230291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9230291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7649047                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7649047                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        22063                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22063                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17845                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17845                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16879338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       16879338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16879338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      16879338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       205142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1007                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1007                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       206149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       206149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       206149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       206149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  89477562426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89477562426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    350743834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    350743834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  89828306260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89828306260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  89828306260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89828306260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9435433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9435433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7650054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7650054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        22063                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22063                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17845                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17845                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17085487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17085487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17085487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17085487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 436173.784140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436173.784140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 348305.694141                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 348305.694141                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 435744.564660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435744.564660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 435744.564660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435744.564660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156058                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156058                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9063                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9063                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       126668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        78474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        78620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        78620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35100898213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35100898213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     35209083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35209083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35136107296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35136107296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35136107296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35136107296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 447293.348281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447293.348281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 241158.102740                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241158.102740                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 446910.548156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446910.548156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 446910.548156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446910.548156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
