
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1105127562                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391204441299                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 381488                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   494234                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36449                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30319.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11566520414                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14984930434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        64256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        41856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        62720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        64256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        21632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               529792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           38784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       248320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            248320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     58143514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17721031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     19458387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20037506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20037506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17836855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     37874361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     56753629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     58143514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     19805858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19574211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     19458387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19458387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               479394432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           35094591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         224698043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              224698043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         224698043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     58143514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17721031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     19458387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20037506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20037506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17836855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     37874361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     56753629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     58143514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     19805858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19574211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     19458387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19458387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              704092475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1899896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1132638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       262289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2186700     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7754      0.32%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16661      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6896      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36028      1.49%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32620      1.35%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6341      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13397      0.56%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103703      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.427380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1878670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       283914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1881938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        241331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        31889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        10474                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         4540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         3337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1003                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6236383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6236383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           24240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956810     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139281      5.78%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112339      4.66%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48691      2.02%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60303      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56308      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32159      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2689      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1520      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3096     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23700     86.15%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          713      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792986     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10992      0.87%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298590     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154078     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.474201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4952223                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446703                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        234285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163202                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1335462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.504551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1956257     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159003      6.66%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73909      3.10%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72106      3.02%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19791      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82275      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6437      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4654      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11335      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2667018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                240087                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.650187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.650187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1570171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         153674                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       125380                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16562                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62848                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58186                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15115                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          700                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1480981                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts               907488                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            153674                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        73301                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              185932                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         52116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       167234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines           92899                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16544                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      1869104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1683172     90.05%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           9746      0.52%     90.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          15414      0.82%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          23070      1.23%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4           9898      0.53%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          11702      0.63%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          12269      0.66%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8602      0.46%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          95231      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      1869104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.057986                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.342424                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1461891                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       186936                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          184375                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1229                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        34670                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        24861                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1099924                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        34670                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1465623                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         58808                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       116118                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          181960                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        11922                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1097146                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          876                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1501035                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5112275                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5112275                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1227574                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         273461                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          243                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           34018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       111499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        61154                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3078                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        12521                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1092818                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1015595                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1757                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173830                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       407055                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1869104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.230710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1435158     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       176875      9.46%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        97445      5.21%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63444      3.39%     94.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57883      3.10%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18168      0.97%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12665      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4592      0.25%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2874      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1869104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           305     12.37%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1022     41.46%     53.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1138     46.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       836501     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18621      1.83%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          112      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       100601      9.91%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59760      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1015595                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.383216                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2465                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002427                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3904516                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1266958                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       996707                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1018060                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4866                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24538                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        34670                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         48053                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1403                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1093061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       111499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        61154                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          720                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8787                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10345                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        19132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1000620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        95260                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14975                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             154897                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         135557                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            59637                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.377566                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent               996808                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count              996707                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          590399                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1498262                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.376089                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394056                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       735381                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       896862                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196941                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16820                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1834434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1470329     80.15%     80.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       173904      9.48%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71759      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36874      2.01%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27370      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15628      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9751      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7860      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20959      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1834434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       735381                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       896862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               143866                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads               86961                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           124506                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          810906                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        17495                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        20959                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            2907278                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2222282                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 26999                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                781083                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            735381                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              896862                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       735381                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.603828                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.603828                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.277483                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.277483                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4541144                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1362947                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1041440                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          224                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         185853                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166073                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123045                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         120025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10525                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1961137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1059341                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            185853                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       130550                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              234601                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         54120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        56040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          120072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15919                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2289416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2054815     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          35912      1.57%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17762      0.78%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          35401      1.55%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          10288      0.45%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          32937      1.44%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           4955      0.22%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8462      0.37%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          88884      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2289416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.070128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.399723                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1948320                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        69577                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          233969                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        37284                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17010                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1179132                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1550                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        37284                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1950134                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         45099                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        19379                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          232219                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         5295                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1176770                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1538563                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5325417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5325417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1213681                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         324882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           14166                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       217165                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        32762                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          286                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         7005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1168897                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1082393                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       496601                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2289416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1817943     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143632      6.27%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161015      7.03%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92305      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47876      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12466      0.54%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13561      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          328      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          290      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2289416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1875     58.28%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          733     22.79%     81.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845718     78.13%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8073      0.75%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196164     18.12%     97.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32365      2.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1082393                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.408421                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002972                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4458477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1402494                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052342                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1085610                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          857                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47752                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        37284                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         40025                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          641                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1169045                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217165                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32762                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7190                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        17296                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1067644                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             225602                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         162179                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            32355                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.402856                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1052788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1052342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          637559                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1371220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.397082                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.464957                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       833453                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       933428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235668                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2252132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1906639     84.66%     84.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134224      5.96%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87357      3.88%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27401      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46871      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8649      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5666      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5038      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30287      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2252132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       833453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       933428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               200964                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              169413                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           143571                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          814447                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        11256                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        30287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3390941                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2375491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 45651                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                360771                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            833453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              933428                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       833453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.179768                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.179768                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.314488                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.314488                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        4967941                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1368129                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1257294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         192865                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158151                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20826                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79009                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19436                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          926                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1850601                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1100800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            192865                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        92912                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              240940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         59572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       195559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          115621                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20568                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2325522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2084582     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          25550      1.10%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          30373      1.31%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          16284      0.70%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          18048      0.78%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          10964      0.47%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7043      0.30%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18660      0.80%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         114018      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2325522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.072774                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.415367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1834827                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       211939                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          238650                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2084                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        38019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        31098                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1342496                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2095                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        38019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1838317                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         20571                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       182517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          237288                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8807                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1340754                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1866397                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6239318                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6239318                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1563884                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         302513                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           25432                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       128451                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        68961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1742                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        14700                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1337217                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256040                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1625                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182743                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       424762                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           44                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2325522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1795856     77.22%     77.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213197      9.17%     86.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114431      4.92%     91.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79888      3.44%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68892      2.96%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34719      1.49%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8776      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5606      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4157      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2325522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           327     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1168     42.83%     54.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1232     45.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1052096     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19438      1.55%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116089      9.24%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68265      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256040                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.473944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2727                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4841954                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1520357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1232850                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1258767                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3162                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24708                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1853                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        38019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         16131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1184                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1337577                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128451                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          843                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11418                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12109                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        23527                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1235595                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       108921                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             177144                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         172301                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            68223                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.466229                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1232949                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1232850                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          734263                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1921015                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.465194                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       918334                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1126823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210764                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        20752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2287503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1826199     79.83%     79.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       214474      9.38%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89811      3.93%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53692      2.35%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36870      1.61%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24049      1.05%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12686      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9966      0.44%     99.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19756      0.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2287503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       918334                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1126823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               170851                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              103743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           161307                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1015832                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        22922                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        19756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3605321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2713200                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 30405                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                324665                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            918334                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1126823                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       918334                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.885864                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.885864                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.346517                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.346517                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5572334                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1714339                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1251987                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         194399                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159463                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20898                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79765                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19573                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1863794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1108812                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            194399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        93622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              242700                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         59648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       181192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          116352                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20640                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2326107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2083407     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          25781      1.11%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          30560      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          16344      0.70%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          18377      0.79%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          10976      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7149      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18744      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         114769      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2326107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.418390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1847806                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       197797                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          240409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        38017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        31287                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1351828                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2093                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        38017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1851267                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         19633                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       169125                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          239064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8998                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1349980                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1879282                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6282846                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6282846                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1576886                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         302369                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           25368                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       129142                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        69454                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14636                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1346280                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1264299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1636                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2326107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1792274     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215293      9.26%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115338      4.96%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80493      3.46%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69266      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34851      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8782      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5640      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4170      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2326107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     41.59%     53.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1276     46.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1059382     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19589      1.55%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116423      9.21%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68752      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1264299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477060                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2758                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4859096                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1529359                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1241607                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1267057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3276                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24542                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        38017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         15204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1223                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1346646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129142                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69454                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          810                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        23617                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1244027                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             178204                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         173638                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            68717                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.469411                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1241711                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1241607                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          739521                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1935538                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.468498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382075                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       926075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210458                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        20827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2288090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823092     79.68%     79.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216095      9.44%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90537      3.96%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54103      2.36%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37345      1.63%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24176      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12737      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10006      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19999      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2288090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       926075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1136194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               172274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              104600                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           162623                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1024280                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        23100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        19999                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3614730                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2731342                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 30642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                324080                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            926075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1136194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       926075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.861741                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.861741                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.349438                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.349438                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5611185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1726508                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1261197                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         204050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167127                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82654                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78374                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954574                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1143648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            204050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        99066                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              237703                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         59738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       115022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          121034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21283                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2107648     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          11087      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17368      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          23274      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          24299      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          20602      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11121      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17152      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         112800      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2345351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.076995                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431535                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1934405                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       135607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          237071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37886                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        33295                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1402053                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37886                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1940156                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         20340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       102743                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          231686                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1400287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1955843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6512069                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6512069                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1662084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         293759                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           39436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       131672                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        69915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1396945                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315343                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1790571     76.35%     76.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227033      9.68%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115299      4.92%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87869      3.75%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68687      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27714      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17784      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9069      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1325      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.07%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          851     36.24%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1106934     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19632      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118980      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69634      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315343                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.496321                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4978645                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1570970                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1293722                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1317691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23742                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37886                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         17296                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1397273                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131672                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11758                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1295673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             181454                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         183615                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            69620                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.488899                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1293788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1293722                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          743894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2005988                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.488163                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370837                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       968966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204967                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21515                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1818655     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242011     10.49%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91793      3.98%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43467      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36416      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21329      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19032      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8284      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26478      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       968966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1192311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               176591                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              107930                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           171969                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1074220                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24551                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        26478                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3678265                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2832446                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31265                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                304836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            968966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1192311                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       968966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.735067                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.735067                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.365622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.365622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5829737                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1804136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1298242                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         194223                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79648                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19614                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1863315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1109048                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            194223                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        93608                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              242636                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         59923                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       181828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          116387                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20652                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2326437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2083801     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          25841      1.11%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          30380      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          16342      0.70%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          18330      0.79%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          10937      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7265      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          18825      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         114716      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2326437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073287                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.418479                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1847266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       198499                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          240373                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2042                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        38254                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        31390                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1351950                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2103                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        38254                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1850696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         19688                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       169932                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          239044                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8820                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1350110                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4269                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1879011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6284160                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6284160                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1573758                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         305253                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           24908                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       129046                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        69660                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1745                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        14836                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1346454                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1263678                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1631                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184761                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430739                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           44                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2326437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1793188     77.08%     77.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214765      9.23%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115121      4.95%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80601      3.46%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69485      2.99%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34766      1.49%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8715      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5560      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4236      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2326437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           339     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1145     42.08%     54.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1237     45.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1058601     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19604      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116429      9.21%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68891      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1263678                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.476826                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2721                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4858145                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1531615                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1240848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1266399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3200                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24630                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2090                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        38254                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         15263                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1230                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1346818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129046                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69660                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11488                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12145                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        23633                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1243291                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109379                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             178227                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         173410                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            68848                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.469133                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1240948                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1240848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          738571                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1933574                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.468211                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381972                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       924278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1133994                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212847                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        20867                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2288183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1824139     79.72%     79.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215466      9.42%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90531      3.96%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54018      2.36%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37219      1.63%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24190      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12702      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9970      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19948      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2288183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       924278                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1133994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               171986                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              104416                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           162285                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1022328                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        23060                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        19948                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3615063                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2731942                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 30666                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                323750                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            924278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1133994                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       924278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.867305                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.867305                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.348760                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.348760                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5607762                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1725016                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1261492                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         184533                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164953                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122759                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119500                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10475                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          508                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1947918                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1051571                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            184533                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       129975                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              232979                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         53574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        67096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          119214                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15706                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2285278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.513864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2052299     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          35860      1.57%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17462      0.76%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          35248      1.54%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          10154      0.44%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          32910      1.44%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           4880      0.21%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           8372      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          88093      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2285278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.069630                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.396791                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1935141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        80607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          232338                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          254                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        36932                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        16814                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1169805                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        36932                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1936973                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         56038                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        19441                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          230583                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         5305                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1167326                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1524572                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5282073                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5282073                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1203333                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         321203                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           72                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           14270                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       216398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        32408                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          285                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         6951                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1159764                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          144                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1074341                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          979                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       231424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       492532                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2285278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1817612     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       141636      6.20%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160435      7.02%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91702      4.01%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47511      2.08%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12525      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13226      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          344      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          287      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2285278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1807     57.94%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          716     22.96%     80.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          596     19.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       838604     78.06%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7979      0.74%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           72      0.01%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       195695     18.22%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        31991      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1074341                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.405383                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3119                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002903                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4438057                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1391342                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1044431                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1077460                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          880                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1247                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        36932                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         50917                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          668                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1159908                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       216398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32408                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           72                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          373                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9923                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        17064                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1059776                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       192609                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14564                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             224592                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         161104                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            31983                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.399887                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1044898                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1044431                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          632910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1358566                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.394097                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.465866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       827449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       926155                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       233776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          144                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        15929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2248346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.411927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.278667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1905960     84.77%     84.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       132737      5.90%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86628      3.85%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27154      1.21%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46624      2.07%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8553      0.38%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5569      0.25%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4943      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30178      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2248346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       827449                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       926155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               199916                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              168755                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                72                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           142545                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          807922                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        11128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        30178                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3378099                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2356838                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 45423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                364909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            827449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              926155                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       827449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.202840                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.202840                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.312223                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.312223                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        4932407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1356530                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1248625                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         181164                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163021                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        69142                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62828                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9820                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          502                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1901614                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1133454                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            181164                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        72648                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              223491                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         35906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       268680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          110781                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11098                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2418205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2194714     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           7763      0.32%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          16608      0.69%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           6874      0.28%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          36046      1.49%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          32747      1.35%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6264      0.26%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          13394      0.55%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         103795      4.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2418205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.427688                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1883488                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       287206                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          222507                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        24238                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        16111                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1328314                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        24238                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1886561                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        246154                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        29697                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          220365                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        11182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1326524                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         3909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2519                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1567597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6239523                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6239523                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1351201                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         216382                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           22747                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       308805                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       154914                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1411                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         7479                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321893                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1257878                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1186                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       307649                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2418205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.520170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1965062     81.26%     81.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       138564      5.73%     86.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112550      4.65%     91.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48897      2.02%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60340      2.50%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56314      2.33%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32254      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2723      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1501      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2418205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3117     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23752     86.17%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          696      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793842     63.11%     63.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11040      0.88%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298739     23.75%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154182     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1257878                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.474637                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27565                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021914                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4962712                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1447104                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1245182                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285443                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2317                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15917                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1720                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        24238                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        240172                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2288                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1322055                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308805                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154914                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1490                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5748                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7076                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        12824                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1247842                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297707                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10036                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             451842                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         163458                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           154135                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.470851                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1245290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1245182                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          674554                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1336104                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.469847                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.504866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1177273                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        11268                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2393967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1963839     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       158903      6.64%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        74336      3.11%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72275      3.02%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19737      0.82%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82538      3.45%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6426      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4625      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11288      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2393967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1001416                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1177273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               446080                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              292886                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           155620                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1046946                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        11501                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        11288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3704907                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2668711                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 42080                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                231982                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1001416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1177273                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1001416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.646440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.646440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.377866                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.377866                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6157964                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1452841                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1571277                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2649865                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         152069                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16540                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57676                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15027                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          721                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1473849                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts               899439                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            152069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        72703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              184515                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         51748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       159853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines           92480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16510                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      1852834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1668319     90.04%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           9660      0.52%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          15451      0.83%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          22960      1.24%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4           9773      0.53%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11652      0.63%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          11975      0.65%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8511      0.46%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          94533      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      1852834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.057387                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.339428                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1454982                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       179349                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          183004                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        34331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        24779                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1090701                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        34331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1458722                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         50286                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       117469                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          180518                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        11505                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1087748                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          766                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1488396                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5069604                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5069604                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1218793                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         269391                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           33945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       110817                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        60852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3060                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        11630                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1083457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          241                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1008416                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1803                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170681                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397947                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1852834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.231911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1422466     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       174994      9.44%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        96478      5.21%     91.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63362      3.42%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57577      3.11%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17913      0.97%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12671      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4503      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2870      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1852834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1027     41.68%     53.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1138     46.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       830130     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18515      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          111      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       100244      9.94%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59416      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1008416                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.380554                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2464                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002443                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3873933                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1254441                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       989467                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1010880                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4720                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24479                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4389                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          804                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        34331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         40515                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1352                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1083698                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110817                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          701                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8817                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10236                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        19053                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts       993400                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94842                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             154123                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         134685                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            59281                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.374887                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent               989573                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count              989467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          586149                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1485991                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.373403                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394450                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       729986                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       890444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16797                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1818503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1457242     80.13%     80.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       172284      9.47%     89.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71296      3.92%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36446      2.00%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27380      1.51%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15590      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9709      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7942      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20614      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1818503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       729986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       890444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               142777                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads               86319                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           123672                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          805104                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        17395                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        20614                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            2882305                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2203355                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 26796                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                797031                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            729986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              890444                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       729986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.630022                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.630022                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.275480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.275480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        4508725                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1353011                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1032702                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         152582                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       124328                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16403                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62480                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15136                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          721                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1476856                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts               902392                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            152582                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        72974                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              185175                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         51522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       163067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines           92518                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16352                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      1859622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1674447     90.04%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           9744      0.52%     90.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          15533      0.84%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23114      1.24%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4           9792      0.53%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          11587      0.62%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          12014      0.65%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           8528      0.46%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          94863      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      1859622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.057574                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.340501                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1457278                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       183264                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          183643                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1197                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        34237                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        24815                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1094197                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        34237                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1460992                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         58852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       112355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          181227                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        11956                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1091582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          967                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1493229                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5088198                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5088198                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1223584                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         269645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          243                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           33915                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       111222                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        61217                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3076                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        11673                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1087444                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1012253                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171494                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399567                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1859622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.231330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1426850     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       176964      9.52%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        96421      5.18%     91.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63397      3.41%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57953      3.12%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18025      0.97%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12652      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4473      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2887      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1859622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           280     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1020     41.63%     53.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1150     46.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       832983     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18603      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          112      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       100740      9.95%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59815      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1012253                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.381955                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2450                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002420                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3888459                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1259242                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       993146                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1014703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4782                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4456                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          833                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        34237                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         48808                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1406                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1087687                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       111222                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        61217                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          709                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8732                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10222                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        18954                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts       997113                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        95213                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             154892                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         135080                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            59679                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.376243                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent               993234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count              993146                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          588455                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1492968                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.374746                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394151                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       733103                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       894072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194443                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16665                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1825385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1461768     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174165      9.54%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71585      3.92%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36494      2.00%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27352      1.50%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15606      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9770      0.54%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7963      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20682      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1825385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       733103                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       894072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               143486                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads               86725                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           124097                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          808412                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        17442                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        20682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            2893218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2211276                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 26774                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                790565                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            733103                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              894072                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       733103                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.615027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.615027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.276623                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.276623                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        4526008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1357530                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1036334                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          224                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         193690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158786                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20886                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79376                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73654                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19580                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1856288                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1105609                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            193690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        93234                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              241927                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         59787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       187918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          116034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20629                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2324707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2082780     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          25721      1.11%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          30281      1.30%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          16380      0.70%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          18225      0.78%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          10858      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7206      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          18870      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         114386      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2324707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073085                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.417182                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1840221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       204599                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          239600                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2114                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        38170                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        31261                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1348322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        38170                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1843724                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         18412                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       177118                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          238253                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1346507                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2021                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1874095                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6267109                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6267109                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1570054                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         304028                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           25490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       128956                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        69330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1758                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        14774                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1342893                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1260841                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428541                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2324707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1792956     77.13%     77.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214106      9.21%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114807      4.94%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80169      3.45%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69279      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34806      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8801      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5602      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4181      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2324707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1174     42.94%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1229     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056110     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19545      1.55%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116387      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68647      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1260841                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.475755                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2734                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4850780                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1527326                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1237749                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1263575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3287                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24772                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1937                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        38170                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         14034                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1189                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1343256                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128956                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69330                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          793                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        23591                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1240318                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109162                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             177766                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         172933                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            68604                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.468012                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1237851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1237749                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          737032                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1930319                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.467042                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381819                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       922038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211882                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        20814                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2286537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823676     79.76%     79.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215045      9.40%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90105      3.94%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53960      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37029      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24106      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12688      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9955      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19973      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2286537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       922038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1131378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               171573                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              104182                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           161954                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1019960                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        23022                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        19973                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3609811                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2724706                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 30573                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                325480                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            922038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1131378                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       922038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.874271                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.874271                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.347914                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.347914                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5594117                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1720965                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1257503                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2648358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         193783                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158776                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20855                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79620                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73796                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19642                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1857727                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1105160                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            193783                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        93438                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              241904                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         59632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       180456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          116060                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20606                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2318508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2076604     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          25711      1.11%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          30331      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          16365      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          18224      0.79%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          10935      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7224      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          18824      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         114290      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2318508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073171                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.417300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1841687                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       197111                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          239593                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2096                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        38018                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        31364                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1347730                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        38018                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1845148                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         17344                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       170736                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          238243                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         9016                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1345926                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1872653                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6263771                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6263771                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1569731                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         302862                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           25367                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       129011                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        69362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1746                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        14763                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1342146                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1260059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1774                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       427956                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2318508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1786266     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214349      9.25%     86.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       116101      5.01%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79433      3.43%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69043      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34789      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8786      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5552      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4189      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2318508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           336     12.30%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1166     42.68%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1230     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055488     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19503      1.55%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116347      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68569      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1260059                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.475789                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2732                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4843132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1525661                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1237091                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1262791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24862                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1997                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           44                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        38018                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         12860                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1200                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1342505                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129011                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          198                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          788                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11381                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12136                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        23517                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1239678                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109248                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             177778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         173060                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            68530                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.468093                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1237190                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1237091                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          736546                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1927859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.467116                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382054                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       921742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131073                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211379                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        20782                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2280490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1817403     79.69%     79.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215126      9.43%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90509      3.97%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53822      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37000      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24084      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12687      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9951      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19908      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2280490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       921742                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1131073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               171480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              104135                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           161938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1019666                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23020                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        19908                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3603021                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2723003                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 30542                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                329850                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            921742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1131073                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       921742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.873210                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.873210                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.348043                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.348043                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5590949                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1719684                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1257054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         193673                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158762                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20854                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73894                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19513                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          931                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1856247                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1104890                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            193673                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        93407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              241759                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         59717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       195119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          115995                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20614                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2331632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2089873     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          25632      1.10%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          30273      1.30%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          16370      0.70%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          18237      0.78%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          10976      0.47%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7194      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          18849      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         114228      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2331632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073079                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.416910                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1840247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       211735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          239485                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2058                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        38104                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        31281                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1347306                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2089                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        38104                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1843667                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         21025                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       181745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          238130                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8958                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1345491                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1872348                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6261078                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6261078                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1568776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         303557                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           25183                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       128882                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        69239                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1717                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        14747                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1341681                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1259892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       427200                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2331632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1800096     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214172      9.19%     86.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114743      4.92%     91.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79996      3.43%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69296      2.97%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34843      1.49%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8702      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5637      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4147      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2331632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           339     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1154     42.41%     54.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1228     45.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055329     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19502      1.55%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116388      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68521      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1259892                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.475397                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2721                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4855815                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1525956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1236918                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1262613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24835                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1947                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           44                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        38104                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         16852                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1180                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1342042                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128882                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69239                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          779                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12134                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        23559                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1239659                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109289                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20233                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             177771                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         172893                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            68482                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.467763                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1237016                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1236918                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          736326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1927021                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.466729                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       921172                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130315                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20781                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2293528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1830983     79.83%     79.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       214992      9.37%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89994      3.92%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53898      2.35%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37054      1.62%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24068      1.05%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12637      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9953      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19949      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2293528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       921172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1130315                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               171339                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              104047                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           161817                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1018956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        22988                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        19949                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3615627                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2722232                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 30550                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                318555                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            921172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1130315                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       921172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.876973                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.876973                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.347588                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.347588                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5590515                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1719585                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1256618                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         193934                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158927                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20827                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79373                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73839                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19586                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          940                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1855774                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1105763                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            193934                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        93425                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              241865                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         59752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       180827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          115937                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20559                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2317069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2075204     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          25662      1.11%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          30093      1.30%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          16333      0.70%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          18244      0.79%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11016      0.48%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7266      0.31%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          18926      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         114325      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2317069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073177                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.417240                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1840011                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       197205                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          239642                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2008                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        38200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        31373                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1348846                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2083                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        38200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1843410                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         19076                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       169279                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          238284                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8817                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1347035                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1874285                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6268411                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6268411                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1569314                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         304960                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           24946                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       129233                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        69361                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1734                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        14790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1343399                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1260914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       185220                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431787                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2317069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1785014     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214352      9.25%     86.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114869      4.96%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80299      3.47%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69212      2.99%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34845      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8650      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5670      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4158      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2317069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           338     12.25%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1191     43.17%     55.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1230     44.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056127     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19493      1.55%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116539      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68603      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1260914                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.475783                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2759                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002188                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4843464                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1529014                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1237691                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1263673                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3178                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25146                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2038                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        38200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         14669                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1343758                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129233                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69361                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          198                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          810                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11358                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        23509                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1240471                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109225                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             177793                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         173072                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            68568                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.468069                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1237796                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1237691                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          736685                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1928775                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.467020                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381944                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       921491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213045                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        20752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2278869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1815909     79.68%     79.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215308      9.45%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90116      3.95%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53888      2.36%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37079      1.63%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24009      1.05%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12692      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9929      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19939      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2278869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       921491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1130732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               171410                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              104087                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           161881                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1019353                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23009                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        19939                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3602694                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2725760                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 30511                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                333118                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            921491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1130732                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       921491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.875977                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.875977                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.347708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.347708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5593498                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1720936                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1257483                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         232016                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193346                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22711                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87836                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24421                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2003614                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1272150                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            232016                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       106908                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              263961                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         64271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       157183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           74                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          126041                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2469610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.633530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2205649     89.31%     89.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          15847      0.64%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20072      0.81%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          32068      1.30%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13460      0.55%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          17378      0.70%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          20003      0.81%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9436      0.38%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         135697      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2469610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.087547                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.480023                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1995270                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       170470                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          262560                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        41132                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        34974                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1553698                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        41132                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1997892                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          6119                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       158117                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          260095                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6254                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1542831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2155024                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7169748                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7169748                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1767933                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         387083                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           23442                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       145867                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        74612                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        16582                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1504180                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1431573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1814                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429624                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2469610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.304926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1864913     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274435     11.11%     86.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112689      4.56%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63723      2.58%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85658      3.47%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27132      1.10%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26262      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13657      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2469610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10020     78.89%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1395     10.98%     89.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1206188     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19448      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131519      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74243      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1431573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.540178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12701                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5347271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1707897                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1391993                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1444274                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30839                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        41132                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1504555                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145867                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74612                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12658                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        26035                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1404958                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26615                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             203085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         198164                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            74210                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.530135                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1392033                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1391993                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          834251                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2240981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.525243                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372270                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1028611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1267667                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236893                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        22687                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2428478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1891719     77.90%     77.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272298     11.21%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98614      4.06%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49155      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44825      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19017      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18783      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8943      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25124      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2428478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1028611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1267667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               188118                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              115024                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           183781                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1141295                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        26195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        25124                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3907901                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3050263                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 32154                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                180577                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1028611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1267667                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1028611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.576472                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.576472                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.388128                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.388128                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6319666                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1946957                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1435445                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          340                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         112041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        46.918342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.133603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.548625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1855.317773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.084741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.905917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 340                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      309804166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.466392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834602.647239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823386.405882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834602.647239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823386.405882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834602.647239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823386.405882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          521                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2043.223030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          86026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        33.538402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks         122.503019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.217207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   223.453410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1685.049394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.005965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.109108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.822778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.997667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          326                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   326                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          502                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 515                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10389078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    434128758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     444517836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34411689                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34411689                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10389078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    468540447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      478929525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10389078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    468540447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     478929525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.585242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.591990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.606280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.612366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.606280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.612366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 799159.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 943758.169565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939784.008457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 819325.928571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819325.928571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 799159.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 933347.503984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 929960.242718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 799159.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 933347.503984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 929960.242718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                275                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     275                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9246229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    393731400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    402977629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30724089                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30724089                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9246229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    424455489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    433701718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9246229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    424455489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    433701718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.585242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.591990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.606280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.606280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 711248.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 855937.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851961.160677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 731525.928571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731525.928571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 711248.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 845528.862550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842139.258252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 711248.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 845528.862550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842139.258252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          166                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          47133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        21.288618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.261389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    85.483211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1916.255400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.005987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.041740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.935672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          282                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   282                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 166                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8251599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    124487069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     132738668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8251599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    124487069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      132738668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8251599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    124487069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     132738668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.370536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.370536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.370536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 634738.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813640.973856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 799630.530120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 634738.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813640.973856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 799630.530120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 634738.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813640.973856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 799630.530120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 22                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      22                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7110199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    111053669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118163868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7110199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    111053669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118163868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7110199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    111053669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118163868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 546938.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725840.973856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711830.530120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 546938.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725840.973856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711830.530120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 546938.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725840.973856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711830.530120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          193                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2046.776293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         132706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        59.217314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.211511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.532035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    83.957036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1864.075710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.009049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.040995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.910193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          372                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47342325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    165410488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     212752813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47342325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    165410488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      212752813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47342325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    165410488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     212752813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.312849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.341637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1972596.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 984586.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1108087.567708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1972596.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 984586.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1108087.567708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1972596.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 984586.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1108087.567708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                114                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     114                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     45235125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    150659465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195894590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     45235125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    150659465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195894590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     45235125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    150659465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195894590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.312849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1884796.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 896782.529762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020284.322917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1884796.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 896782.529762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020284.322917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1884796.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 896782.529762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020284.322917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          198                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2046.790245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         132715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        59.089492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.174885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.577418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    84.787947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1863.249996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.041400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.909790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   380                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 197                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53956224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174084582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     228040806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53956224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174084582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      228040806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53956224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174084582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     228040806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.341421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.341421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2248176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006269.260116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1157567.543147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2248176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006269.260116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1157567.543147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2248176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006269.260116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1157567.543147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                118                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     118                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51848025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158890745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210738770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51848025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158890745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210738770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51848025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158890745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210738770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2160334.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918443.612717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069739.949239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2160334.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918443.612717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069739.949239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2160334.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918443.612717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069739.949239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.088792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         115814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        53.052680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.088792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.626500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    60.601533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1944.771968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.029591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.949596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12573311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98156430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     110729741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12573311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98156430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      110729741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12573311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98156430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     110729741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 898093.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811210.165289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820220.303704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 898093.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811210.165289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820220.303704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 898093.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811210.165289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820220.303704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11344111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87532630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98876741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11344111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87532630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98876741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11344111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87532630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98876741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 810293.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723410.165289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732420.303704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 810293.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723410.165289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732420.303704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 810293.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723410.165289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732420.303704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          198                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2046.792304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         132715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        59.089492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.181934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    18.569063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    84.659766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1863.381541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.041338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.909854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          379                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   380                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 197                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50983039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    167412934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     218395973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50983039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    167412934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      218395973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50983039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    167412934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     218395973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.341421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.341421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2124293.291667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 967704.820809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1108609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2124293.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 967704.820809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1108609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2124293.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 967704.820809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1108609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                118                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     118                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48875839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    152217589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201093428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48875839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    152217589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    201093428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48875839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    152217589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    201093428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2036493.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 879870.456647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020778.822335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2036493.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 879870.456647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020778.822335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2036493.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 879870.456647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020778.822335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          47126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        21.275847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.054759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    84.253721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1917.691519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.005886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.041140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.936373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9237872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    130639889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     139877761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9237872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    130639889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      139877761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9237872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    130639889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     139877761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.377828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.377828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 710605.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 848310.967532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837591.383234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 710605.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 848310.967532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837591.383234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 710605.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 848310.967532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837591.383234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8095717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    117115096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125210813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8095717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    117115096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125210813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8095717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    117115096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125210813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 622747.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 760487.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749765.347305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 622747.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 760487.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749765.347305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 622747.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 760487.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749765.347305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          341                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         112045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        46.900377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.135702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   173.567579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1855.296719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.084750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.905907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   393                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 341                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13815728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    303338118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     317153846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13815728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    303338118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      317153846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13815728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    303338118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     317153846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.454167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.464578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.454167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.464578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.454167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.464578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 986837.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927639.504587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930069.929619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 986837.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927639.504587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930069.929619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 986837.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 927639.504587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930069.929619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 72                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      72                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12586528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    274624800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287211328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12586528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    274624800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287211328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12586528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    274624800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287211328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.454167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.454167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.454167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 899037.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839831.192661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842261.958944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 899037.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839831.192661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842261.958944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 899037.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839831.192661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842261.958944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          511                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2043.743930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          86021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        33.654538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.902360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.218700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   221.107702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1688.515167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.107963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.824470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.997922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            368                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 368                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          493                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 506                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10290676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    425111074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     435401750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36646628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     36646628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10290676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    461757702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      472048378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10290676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    461757702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     472048378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          368                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             368                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.602689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.608905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.602689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.608905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 791590.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934310.052747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930345.619658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 964384.947368                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964384.947368                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 791590.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 936628.198783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932901.932806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 791590.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 936628.198783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932901.932806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9145526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    385259830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    394405356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33294051                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33294051                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9145526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    418553881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    427699407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9145526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    418553881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    427699407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.602689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.602689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       703502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846724.901099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842746.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 876159.236842                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876159.236842                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       703502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 848993.673428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845255.745059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       703502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 848993.673428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845255.745059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          522                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2043.662469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          86028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        33.526111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks         120.731882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.215024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   225.511646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1685.203918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.058951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.110113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.822853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.997882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            371                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 371                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          326                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   326                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          502                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 515                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8561815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    438712130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     447273945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32131220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32131220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8561815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    470843350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      479405165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8561815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    470843350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     479405165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          371                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             371                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.587863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.612366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.612366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 658601.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 943466.946237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935719.550209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868411.351351                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 868411.351351                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 658601.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 937934.960159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930883.815534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 658601.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 937934.960159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930883.815534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                278                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     278                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7420415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    397885130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    405305545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28882620                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28882620                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7420415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    426767750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    434188165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7420415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    426767750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    434188165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.587863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 570801.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855666.946237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847919.550209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 780611.351351                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780611.351351                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 570801.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 850134.960159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843083.815534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 570801.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 850134.960159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843083.815534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          196                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2046.790072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         132710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        59.139929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.192897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.569955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    84.515523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1863.511696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.009067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.041267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.909918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          375                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   376                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49465652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    163730550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     213196202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49465652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    163730550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      213196202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49465652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    163730550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     213196202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.314917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.313187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.341506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.313187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.341506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2061068.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957488.596491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1093313.856410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2061068.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957488.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1093313.856410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2061068.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957488.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1093313.856410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                116                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     116                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     47356820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148711561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196068381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     47356820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148711561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196068381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     47356820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148711561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196068381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.314917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.313187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.313187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1973200.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869658.251462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1005478.876923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1973200.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869658.251462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1005478.876923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1973200.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869658.251462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1005478.876923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          194                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2046.782601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         132709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        59.192239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.202815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.543509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    84.237755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1863.798522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.041132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.910058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          375                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   376                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          169                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 193                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49710039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    174992397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     224702436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49710039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    174992397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      224702436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49710039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    174992397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     224702436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.312384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.340989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2071251.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1035457.970414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1164261.326425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2071251.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1035457.970414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1164261.326425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2071251.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1035457.970414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1164261.326425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                115                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     115                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47602839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    160153217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207756056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47602839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    160153217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207756056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47602839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    160153217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207756056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.312384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1983451.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 947652.171598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1076456.248705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1983451.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 947652.171598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1076456.248705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1983451.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 947652.171598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1076456.248705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          193                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2046.777335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         132713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        59.220437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.210457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.532499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    83.997924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1864.036455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.009049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.041015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.910174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          378                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48171827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174319073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     222490900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48171827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174319073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      222490900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48171827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174319073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     222490900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.336252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.336252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2007159.458333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1037613.529762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1158806.770833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2007159.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1037613.529762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1158806.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2007159.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1037613.529762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1158806.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                114                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     114                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     46064627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    159566147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205630774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     46064627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    159566147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205630774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     46064627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    159566147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205630774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1919359.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 949798.494048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070993.614583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1919359.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 949798.494048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070993.614583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1919359.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 949798.494048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070993.614583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          193                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2046.788853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         132709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        59.218652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.206395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.544436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    84.268964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1863.769058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.009055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.041147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.910043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          374                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   375                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55459409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    177060492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     232519901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55459409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    177060492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      232519901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55459409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    177060492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     232519901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.340426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.309963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.338624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.309963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.338624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2310808.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1053931.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1211041.151042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2310808.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1053931.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1211041.151042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2310808.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1053931.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1211041.151042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                114                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     114                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53351749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    162301514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215653263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53351749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    162301514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215653263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53351749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    162301514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215653263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.309963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.309963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2222989.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 966080.440476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1123194.078125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2222989.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 966080.440476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1123194.078125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2222989.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 966080.440476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1123194.078125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.075347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.075347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.208513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    32.182446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1951.609041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.010356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.015714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.952934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112074506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     64878510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     176953016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112074506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     64878510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      176953016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112074506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     64878510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     176953016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 4002660.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 913781.830986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1787404.202020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 4002660.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 913781.830986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1787404.202020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 4002660.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 913781.830986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1787404.202020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    109616106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     58643682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    168259788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    109616106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     58643682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    168259788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    109616106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     58643682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    168259788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3914860.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 825967.352113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1699593.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3914860.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 825967.352113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1699593.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3914860.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 825967.352113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1699593.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.132490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.991023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.132490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             289630.529351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.466915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.533085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.392449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.607551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.600615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              735383866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1464908.099602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.600615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        92879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         92879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        92879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total          92879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        92879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total         92879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16716140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16716140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16716140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16716140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16716140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16716140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        92899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        92899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total        92899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        92899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total        92899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       835807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       835807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       835807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       835807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       835807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       835807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10496978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10496978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10496978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10496978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10496978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10496978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 807459.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807459.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 807459.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807459.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 807459.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807459.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              122566101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             113068.358856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   181.965087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    74.034913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.710801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.289199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        69825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        56262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        56262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       126087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         126087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       126087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        126087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1186239010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1186239010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    315494029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    315494029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1501733039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1501733039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1501733039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1501733039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        56605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       128405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       128405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       128405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       128405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.027507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.018052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.018052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 600627.346835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 600627.346835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 919807.664723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919807.664723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 647857.221311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 647857.221311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 647857.221311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 647857.221311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1490                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1490                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    459796442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    459796442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34760289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34760289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    494556731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    494556731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    494556731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    494556731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000742                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000742                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 584982.750636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 584982.750636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 827625.928571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827625.928571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 597290.737923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 597290.737923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 597290.737923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 597290.737923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              538.260356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              627186599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1163611.500928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.260356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.019648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         120058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        120058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9430277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9430277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9430277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9430277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9430277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9430277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       120072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       120072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 673591.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 673591.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 673591.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 673591.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 673591.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 673591.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8359937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8359937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8359937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8359937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8359937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8359937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 643072.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643072.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 643072.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643072.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 643072.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643072.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              147689450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             213732.923300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   139.200857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   116.799143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.543753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.456247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       177648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       209052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         209052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       209052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        209052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    653459501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    653459501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    653459501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    653459501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    653459501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    653459501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       179144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        31404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       210548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       210548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.007105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.007105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436804.479278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436804.479278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436804.479278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436804.479278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436804.479278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436804.479278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    144239175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144239175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    144239175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144239175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    144239175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144239175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331584.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331584.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331584.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331584.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331584.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331584.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              501.027714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              732330731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1444439.311637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.027714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.030493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       115582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       115582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         115582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       115582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        115582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83810654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83810654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83810654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83810654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83810654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83810654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       115621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       115621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       115621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       115621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       115621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2148991.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2148991.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2148991.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2148991.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2148991.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2148991.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47607224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47607224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47607224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47607224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47607224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47607224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1904288.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904288.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1904288.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904288.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1904288.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904288.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  540                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              115432754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             145016.022613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   160.615261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    95.384739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.627403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.372597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        79657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        66712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       146369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         146369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       146369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        146369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    761719676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    761719676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     27958945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27958945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    789678621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    789678621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    789678621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    789678621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        81427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        66775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       148202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       148202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 430350.099435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 430350.099435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 443792.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443792.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 430812.122750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430812.122750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 430812.122750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430812.122750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       158963                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       158963                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1293                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1293                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191086361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191086361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191278661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191278661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191278661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191278661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 355840.523277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355840.523277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 354219.742593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354219.742593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 354219.742593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354219.742593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              501.077102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              732331462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1444440.753452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.077102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.030572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         116313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        116313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96465118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96465118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96465118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96465118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96465118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96465118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       116352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       116352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473464.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2473464.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473464.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2473464.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473464.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2473464.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54221434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54221434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54221434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54221434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54221434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54221434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2168857.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168857.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2168857.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168857.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2168857.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168857.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  552                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              115433522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             142863.269802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   161.354768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    94.645232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.630292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.369708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        79860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        67273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         147133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        147133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    743671070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    743671070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16762216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     16762216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    760433286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    760433286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    760433286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    760433286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        67336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       149013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       149013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000936                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000936                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 409285.123830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 409285.123830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 266066.920635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 266066.920635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 404485.790426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 404485.790426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 404485.790426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 404485.790426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       159210                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       159210                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200249380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200249380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200441680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200441680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200441680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200441680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 364752.969035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364752.969035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 363118.985507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 363118.985507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 363118.985507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 363118.985507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              488.625387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              731814682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1496553.541922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.625387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         121016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        121016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17011417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17011417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17011417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17011417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17011417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17011417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       121034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       121034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 945078.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945078.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945078.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12689511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12689511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12689511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12689511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12689511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12689511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 906393.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906393.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906393.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              110541704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             169542.490798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   144.785607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   111.214393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.565569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.434431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        68352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       150234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         150234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       150234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        150234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    446577391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    446577391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    446577391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    446577391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    446577391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    446577391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        83191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        68352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       151543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       151543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341159.198625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341159.198625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341159.198625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116946130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116946130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116946130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116946130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116946130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116946130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295318.510101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295318.510101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295318.510101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.068096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              732331497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1444440.822485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.068096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.030558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         116348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        116348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     88739193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88739193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     88739193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88739193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     88739193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88739193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       116387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       116387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2275363.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2275363.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2275363.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2275363.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2275363.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2275363.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51248261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51248261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51248261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51248261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51248261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51248261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2049930.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2049930.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2049930.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2049930.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2049930.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2049930.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  552                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              115433469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             142863.204208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   161.155999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    94.844001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.629516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.370484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        79911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        67169                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67169                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       147080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         147080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       147080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        147080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    726094591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    726094591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     29045256                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29045256                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    755139847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    755139847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    755139847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    755139847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        81708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        67232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       148940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       148940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 404059.316082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 404059.316082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 461035.809524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461035.809524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 405989.165054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 405989.165054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 405989.165054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 405989.165054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       159215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       159215                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    193574816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193574816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    193767116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193767116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    193767116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193767116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 352595.293260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352595.293260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 351027.384058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351027.384058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 351027.384058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351027.384058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              538.053726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              627185742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1163609.910946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.053726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9482272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9482272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9482272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9482272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9482272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9482272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       119214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       119214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 729405.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 729405.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 729405.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 729405.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 729405.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 729405.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9345772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9345772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9345772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9345772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9345772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9345772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 718905.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718905.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 718905.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718905.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 718905.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718905.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              147688541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             215603.709489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   137.893321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   118.106679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.538646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.461354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       177130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           72                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       208147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         208147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       208147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        208147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    701784180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    701784180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    701784180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    701784180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    701784180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    701784180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       178625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       178625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        31017                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31017                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       209642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       209642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       209642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       209642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.007131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.007131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 469420.856187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 469420.856187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 469420.856187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 469420.856187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 469420.856187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 469420.856187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    149952094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149952094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    149952094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149952094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    149952094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149952094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 349538.680653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349538.680653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 349538.680653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349538.680653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 349538.680653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349538.680653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              556.134590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750118597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1346712.023339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.134590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.021049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       110765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       110765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         110765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       110765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        110765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15786449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15786449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15786449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15786449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15786449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15786449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       110781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       110781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       110781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       110781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       110781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 986653.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 986653.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 986653.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 986653.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 986653.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 986653.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13933020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13933020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13933020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13933020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13933020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13933020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 995215.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995215.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 995215.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995215.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 995215.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995215.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              281231471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             288442.534359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   100.528864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   155.471136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.392691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.607309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       280667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       153044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       153044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       433711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         433711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       433711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        433711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1325093975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1325093975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1325093975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1325093975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1325093975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1325093975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       283356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       153044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       153044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       436400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       436400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492783.181480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492783.181480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492783.181480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492783.181480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492783.181480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492783.181480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    332701915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332701915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    332701915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332701915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    332701915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332701915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 462085.993056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462085.993056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 462085.993056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462085.993056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 462085.993056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462085.993056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              501.598928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              735383450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1464907.270916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.598928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst        92463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         92463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst        92463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total          92463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst        92463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total         92463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11262692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11262692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11262692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11262692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11262692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11262692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst        92480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst        92480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total        92480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst        92480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total        92480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 662511.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 662511.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 662511.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 662511.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 662511.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 662511.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10398576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10398576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10398576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10398576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10398576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10398576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 799890.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799890.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 799890.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799890.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 799890.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799890.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  815                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              122565510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             114440.252101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   182.155619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    73.844381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.711545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.288455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        69657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       125498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         125498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       125498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        125498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1126200886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1126200886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    330949462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    330949462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1457150348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1457150348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1457150348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1457150348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        56162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       127776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       127776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       127776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       127776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.027327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 575473.114972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 575473.114972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1030995.208723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1030995.208723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 639662.136962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 639662.136962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 639662.136962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 639662.136962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    450673218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450673218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36962028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36962028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    487635246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    487635246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    487635246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    487635246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000677                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000677                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 577786.176923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 577786.176923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 972684.947368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 972684.947368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 596131.107579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 596131.107579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 596131.107579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 596131.107579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.594631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              735383488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1464907.346614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.594631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.020184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst        92501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         92501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst        92501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total          92501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst        92501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total         92501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9665320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9665320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9665320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9665320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9665320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9665320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst        92518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst        92518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total        92518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst        92518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total        92518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 568548.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 568548.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 568548.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 568548.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 568548.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 568548.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8670315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8670315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8670315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8670315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8670315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8670315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 666947.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666947.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 666947.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666947.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 666947.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666947.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              122566011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             113068.275830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   182.173289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    73.826711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.711614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.288386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        69856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        56140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        56140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       125996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         125996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       125996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        125996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1204960189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1204960189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    294310782                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    294310782                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1499270971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1499270971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1499270971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1499270971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        56461                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56461                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       128309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       128309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       128309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       128309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.027725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.018027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.018027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 604899.693273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 604899.693273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 916856.018692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916856.018692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 648193.242974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 648193.242974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 648193.242974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 648193.242974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    464441286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464441286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32438320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32438320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    496879606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    496879606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    496879606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    496879606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000655                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000655                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 587157.125158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 587157.125158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 876711.351351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876711.351351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 600096.142512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 600096.142512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 600096.142512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 600096.142512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              501.068243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              732331144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1444440.126233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.068243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.030558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       115995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       115995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         115995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       115995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        115995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86214516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86214516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86214516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86214516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86214516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86214516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       116034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       116034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2210628.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2210628.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2210628.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2210628.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2210628.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2210628.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49730501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49730501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49730501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49730501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49730501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49730501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1989220.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1989220.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1989220.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1989220.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1989220.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1989220.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  546                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              115433027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             143931.455112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   161.197016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    94.802984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.629676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.370324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        79648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        66994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       146642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         146642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       146642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        146642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    753391652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    753391652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     27714094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27714094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    781105746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    781105746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    781105746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    781105746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        67057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       148505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       148505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 418550.917778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418550.917778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 439906.253968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439906.253968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 419273.078905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419273.078905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 419273.078905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419273.078905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       159332                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       159332                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189620860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189620860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189813160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189813160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189813160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189813160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 349209.686924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349209.686924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 347643.150183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347643.150183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 347643.150183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347643.150183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.039439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              732331170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1444440.177515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.039439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.030512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       116021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       116021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         116021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       116021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        116021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82584994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82584994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82584994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82584994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82584994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82584994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       116060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       116060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       116060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       116060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       116060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2117563.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2117563.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2117563.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2117563.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2117563.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2117563.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49975086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49975086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49975086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49975086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49975086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49975086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1999003.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1999003.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1999003.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1999003.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1999003.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1999003.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              115433105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             144291.381250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   161.042520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    94.957480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.629072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.370928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        79770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        66949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       146719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         146719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       146719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        146719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    733286880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    733286880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23133927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23133927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    756420807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    756420807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    756420807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    756420807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        67012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       148570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       148570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 410115.704698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 410115.704698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 367205.190476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 367205.190476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 408655.217180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 408655.217180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 408655.217180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 408655.217180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       527221                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       527221                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200861879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200861879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    201054179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    201054179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    201054179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    201054179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 371278.889094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 371278.889094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 369584.887868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 369584.887868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 369584.887868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 369584.887868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              501.028392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              732331107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1444440.053254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.028392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.030494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       115958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       115958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         115958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       115958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        115958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78433890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78433890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78433890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78433890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78433890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78433890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       115995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       115995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       115995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       115995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       115995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2119834.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2119834.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2119834.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2119834.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2119834.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2119834.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48441913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48441913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48441913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48441913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48441913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48441913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1937676.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1937676.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1937676.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1937676.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1937676.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1937676.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  546                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              115433078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             143931.518703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   160.681105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    95.318895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.627661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.372339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        79796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        66896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       146692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         146692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       146692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        146692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    762703092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    762703092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23454105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23454105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    786157197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    786157197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    786157197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    786157197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        81595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        66959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       148554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       148554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.022048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 423959.473041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423959.473041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 372287.380952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 372287.380952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 422211.169173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 422211.169173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 422211.169173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 422211.169173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       526993                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       526993                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    200387913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200387913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    200580213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200580213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    200580213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200580213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 369038.513812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 369038.513812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 367363.027473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 367363.027473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 367363.027473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 367363.027473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.040855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              732331049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1444439.938856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.040855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.030514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       115900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       115900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         115900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       115900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        115900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94742821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94742821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94742821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94742821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94742821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94742821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       115937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       115937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       115937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       115937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       115937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2560616.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2560616.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2560616.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2560616.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2560616.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2560616.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55724417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55724417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55724417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55724417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55724417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55724417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2228976.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2228976.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2228976.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2228976.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2228976.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2228976.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  542                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              115433172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             144653.097744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   161.044868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    94.955132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.629082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.370918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        79860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        66927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       146787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         146787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       146787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        146787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    738067337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    738067337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17312275                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     17312275                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    755379612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    755379612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    755379612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    755379612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        81628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        66990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       148618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       148618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 417458.901018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417458.901018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 274798.015873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 274798.015873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 412550.306936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 412550.306936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 412550.306936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 412550.306936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       158977                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       158977                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    202860869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202860869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    203053169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203053169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    203053169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203053169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 376365.248609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376365.248609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 374636.843173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 374636.843173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 374636.843173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 374636.843173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              477.408948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              735286838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1516055.336082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.408948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.035912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         125997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        125997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    163444466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163444466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    163444466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163444466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    163444466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163444466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       126039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       126039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       126039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       126039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       126039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3891534.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3891534.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3891534.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3891534.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3891534.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3891534.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2878070                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       575614                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112444489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112444489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112444489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112444489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112444489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112444489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3748149.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3748149.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3748149.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3748149.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3748149.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3748149.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              106637716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             173677.061889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   131.543817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   124.456183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.513843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.486157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        98906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        72726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       171632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         171632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       171632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        171632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    199906955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    199906955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       542623                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542623                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200449578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    200449578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200449578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    200449578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        99830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        72733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       172563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       172563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 216349.518398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 216349.518398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77517.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77517.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 215305.669173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 215305.669173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 215305.669173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 215305.669173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83911409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83911409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       133354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     84044763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84044763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     84044763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84044763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 235706.205056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235706.205056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        66677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 234761.907821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234761.907821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 234761.907821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234761.907821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
