
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001079                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1078856562                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400280997990                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 435059                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   561904                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39527                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67609196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 27294.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11874495363                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15336607986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        42752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        25728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        17408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        17408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        42240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        42880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        20864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               418432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           47104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       156160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            156160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2728815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19813570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2847459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     19457638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1305085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13288143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3322036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     15542381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3796612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39627140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1305085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13525431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2966103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23847470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3203392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16135602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1305085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13288143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3084747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     22542385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3084747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16135602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3915256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39152563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3796612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39745784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2847459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20169502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2847459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19338993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1305085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     12576278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               387847666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2728815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2847459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1305085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3322036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3796612                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1305085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2966103                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3203392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1305085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3084747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3084747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3915256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3796612                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2847459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2847459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1305085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           43661040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         144745841                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              144745841                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         144745841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2728815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19813570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2847459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     19457638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1305085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13288143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3322036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     15542381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3796612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39627140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1305085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13525431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2966103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23847470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3203392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16135602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1305085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13288143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3084747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     22542385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3084747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16135602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3915256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39152563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3796612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39745784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2847459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20169502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2847459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19338993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1305085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     12576278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              532593507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         209329                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171443                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22297                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79790                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21220                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1016                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1194442                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            209329                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101010                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              261563                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         63576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        66175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125215                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22018                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2377005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2115442     89.00%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27694      1.17%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          33049      1.39%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17743      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          19670      0.83%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11751      0.49%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7536      0.32%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20443      0.86%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123677      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2377005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.080910                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461676                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1990906                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        84266                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          258976                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        40513                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33957                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          398                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1457151                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2162                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        40513                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1994708                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         16169                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        58473                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          257538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9600                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1455000                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4714                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2025074                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6772926                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6772926                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         321968                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          226                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           27708                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       139603                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75059                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1919                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1450955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          395                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1364010                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1717                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194562                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       455121                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           58                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2377005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1802417     75.83%     75.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231177      9.73%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124338      5.23%     90.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85830      3.61%     94.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74889      3.15%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38076      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9719      0.41%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6055      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4504      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2377005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.57%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1294     43.28%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1350     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142225     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21284      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126031      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74304      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1364010                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.527217                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2990                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002192                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5109731                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645953                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1339539                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1367000                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3575                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26722                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1993                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        40513                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         11241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1229                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1451355                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139603                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75059                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          227                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          871                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12164                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12941                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25105                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1342225                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             192486                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187372                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74252                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.518797                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1339637                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1339539                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          797556                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2086738                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.517759                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382202                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224472                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22240                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2336492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1835156     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232812      9.96%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97245      4.16%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58420      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40359      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26228      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13802      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10821      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21649      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2336492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3766191                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2943254                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32724                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                210182                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.587182                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.587182                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.386521                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.386521                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6053954                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1862006                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1359009                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         210079                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171915                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22278                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85838                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79715                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21323                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2007942                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1199771                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            210079                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       101038                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              262217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         64175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        63887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          125254                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2375573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2113356     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          27802      1.17%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          32384      1.36%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          17759      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          19807      0.83%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          11737      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           7740      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          20774      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         124214      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2375573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081200                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.463736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1990826                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        81665                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          259748                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2204                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        41126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        34231                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          402                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1464123                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2208                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        41126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1994577                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         16696                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        55387                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          258231                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         9552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1461842                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2032708                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6804972                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6804972                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1703611                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         329086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          385                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          218                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           27625                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       140528                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        75531                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1903                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        16014                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457766                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          387                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1368105                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470626                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2375573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1800023     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230791      9.72%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124719      5.25%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86115      3.63%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75260      3.17%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38578      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9489      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6117      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4481      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2375573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           343     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1365     44.70%     55.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1346     44.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145378     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21306      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126494      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74761      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1368105                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.528800                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3054                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002232                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5116809                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1659049                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1343226                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371159                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3478                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27600                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        41126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         11787                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1458160                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140528                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75531                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          219                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12044                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13097                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        25141                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118531                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             193247                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         187765                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            74716                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.520338                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1343313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1343226                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          799095                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2093762                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.519184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381655                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230882                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22216                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2334447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1833090     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232649      9.97%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97489      4.18%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58389      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40246      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26278      1.13%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13762      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10815      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21729      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2334447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1000304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1227277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               186015                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              112923                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           175606                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1106470                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        24967                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        21729                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3770864                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2957462                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32760                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                211614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1000304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1227277                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1000304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.586401                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.586401                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.386638                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.386638                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6070399                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1866127                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1364789                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         234614                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22844                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88805                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83502                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1035                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2030707                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1286240                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            234614                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       108194                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              267099                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         64544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        66809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          127652                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21757                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2406137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2139038     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          16216      0.67%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20299      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          32633      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13398      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          17699      0.74%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          20254      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9633      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         136967      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2406137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090683                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.497158                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2018542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        80366                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          265720                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        41339                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        35424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1570988                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        41339                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2021175                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          6199                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        67890                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          263213                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6314                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1559946                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4358                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2180656                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7247783                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7247783                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1791082                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         389574                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23302                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       146874                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        75391                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          871                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17217                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521189                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1448402                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1724                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204128                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428757                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2406137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1793537     74.54%     74.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278599     11.58%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114646      4.76%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64138      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86134      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27253      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26692      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13960      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1178      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2406137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10075     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1355     10.64%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1303     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1221056     84.30%     84.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19604      1.35%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132494      9.15%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75070      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1448402                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.559837                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12733                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5317398                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1725687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1408761                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1461135                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          975                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30483                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1386                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        41339                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          4725                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          646                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521553                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146874                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75391                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          558                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12689                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13463                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        26152                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1421611                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129993                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             205044                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         200582                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            75051                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.549481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1408778                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1408761                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          843984                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2265602                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.544515                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372521                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1041779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1283849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237712                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22868                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2364798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542900                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820542     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276394     11.69%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100076      4.23%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49779      2.11%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45288      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19199      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19139      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9063      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25318      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2364798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1041779                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1283849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               190396                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              116391                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           186066                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1155947                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        26529                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        25318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3861041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3084462                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32567                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                181050                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1041779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1283849                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1041779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.483432                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.483432                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.402669                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.402669                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6393251                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1971486                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1451247                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         213904                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175105                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22639                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86839                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81889                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21551                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2050525                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1196455                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            213904                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       103440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              248269                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         62668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        44490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          127045                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22490                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2383032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2134763     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11437      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17914      0.75%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          24046      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25572      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21622      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11718      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18150      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         117810      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2383032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082678                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462454                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2029742                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        65735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          247662                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39538                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34936                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1466153                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39538                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2035760                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         13231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        39412                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          242014                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1464817                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2044158                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6810456                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6810456                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1740658                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         303489                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           40936                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       137914                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        73538                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          828                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        16403                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1462009                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1378631                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          312                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179433                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       435184                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2383032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1801488     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237770      9.98%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120990      5.08%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92179      3.87%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72306      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28902      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18471      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9624      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1302      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2383032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           298     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          906     36.87%     49.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1253     51.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1160074     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20427      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124826      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73133      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1378631                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.532869                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2457                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5143061                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1641811                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1355874                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1381088                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2770                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24719                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1497                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39538                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10499                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1179                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1462366                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137914                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1001                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12346                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13404                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25750                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1358000                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20629                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             190418                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         192512                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            73111                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.524894                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1355954                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1355874                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          778953                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2100552                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.524073                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370833                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1014874                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1248932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213429                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22697                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2343494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1831520     78.15%     78.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253537     10.82%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96315      4.11%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45394      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37953      1.62%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22311      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19964      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8568      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27932      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2343494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1014874                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1248932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               185232                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              113191                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           180079                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1125303                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27932                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3777910                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2964278                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32902                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                204155                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1014874                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1248932                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1014874                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.549269                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.549269                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.392269                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.392269                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6109733                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1890283                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1358708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         201355                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181477                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90736                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70100                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10741                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          551                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2118038                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1265405                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            201355                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        80841                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              249110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         39315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        54237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          123325                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12298                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2447967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2198857     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           8566      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18179      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           7425      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          40670      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          36637      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7054      0.29%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          14824      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         115755      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2447967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.489105                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2105135                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        67625                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          248005                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          844                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        26354                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        17650                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1481621                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1383                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        26354                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2108120                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         47324                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        12516                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          245966                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         7683                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1479379                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           27                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1742769                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6962109                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6962109                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1507955                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         234796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          181                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           97                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           21446                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       347429                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       174634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1595                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8534                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473749                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          184                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1406221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          963                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       134445                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       325997                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2447967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1947886     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150126      6.13%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123062      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52848      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67321      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64860      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37049      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2971      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1844      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2447967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3448     10.81%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27601     86.56%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          836      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883225     62.81%     62.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12143      0.86%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       336868     23.96%     87.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       173902     12.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1406221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.543533                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31885                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5293257                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1608440                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1392305                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1438106                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2524                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16885                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1906                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        26354                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         43373                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1863                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1473940                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       347429                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1231                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6520                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7667                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        14187                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1395051                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335546                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11170                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             509393                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         182407                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           173847                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.539215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1392442                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1392305                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          752790                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1482248                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.538154                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507870                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1121553                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1317403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       156675                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        12460                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2421613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1943569     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174678      7.21%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81758      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80865      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21774      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94264      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7166      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5110      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12429      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2421613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1121553                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1317403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               503272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              330544                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           173886                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1171283                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12627                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        12429                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3883249                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2974527                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 48018                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                139220                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1121553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1317403                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1121553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.306790                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.306790                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.433503                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.433503                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6894091                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1619812                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1759600                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         234269                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195172                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22907                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88829                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83410                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24682                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2029928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1284413                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            234269                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       108092                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              266744                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         64837                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        67067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          127651                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21838                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2138745     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          16239      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20239      0.84%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          32581      1.35%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13340      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          17652      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          20154      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9643      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         136896      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2405489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090550                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496452                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2017890                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        80484                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          265398                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          147                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41567                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        35424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1569275                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41567                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2020451                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          6272                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        68084                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          262952                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6156                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1558543                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2177793                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7242136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7242136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1787018                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         390767                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22645                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       147026                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        75300                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          865                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        17186                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1519987                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1446229                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1812                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434547                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1794000     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278057     11.56%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114373      4.75%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63988      2.66%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85955      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27324      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26702      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13910      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1180      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10117     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1362     10.65%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1304     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1219193     84.30%     84.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19568      1.35%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132354      9.15%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74936      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1446229                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.558997                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12783                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5312542                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1726445                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1406436                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1459012                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          923                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30887                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1441                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41567                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4844                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          643                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520352                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147026                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75300                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          558                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12728                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        26225                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1419312                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129721                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             204637                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         200182                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            74916                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.548593                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1406452                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1406436                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          842204                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2262160                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.543616                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372301                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1039450                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1280979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239371                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22933                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2363922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820814     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275846     11.67%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99899      4.23%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49627      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45201      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19105      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19140      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9035      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25255      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2363922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1039450                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1280979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               189993                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              116136                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           185637                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1153387                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        26475                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        25255                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3859017                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3082278                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32652                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                181698                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1039450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1280979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1039450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.488996                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.488996                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.401768                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.401768                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6382806                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1967809                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1449065                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         194984                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175224                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17113                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132329                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128510                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10644                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          532                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2069818                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1110731                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            194984                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       139154                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              246795                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         56890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        31526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          126607                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16579                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2387814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2141019     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          38371      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18292      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          37891      1.59%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          10762      0.45%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          35499      1.49%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5168      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8450      0.35%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          92362      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2387814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075365                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.429320                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2030188                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        71922                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          246139                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39296                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17254                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1233553                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1666                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39296                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2034839                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         46063                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        13010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          242160                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12443                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1230864                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        10666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1604601                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5564373                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5564373                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1263775                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         340796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           24661                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       230958                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        33329                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7413                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1222480                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1132313                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246027                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       519236                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2387814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1891106     79.20%     79.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153276      6.42%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169708      7.11%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97885      4.10%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48705      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12632      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13834      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          362      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          306      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2387814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1877     56.98%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          799     24.26%     81.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          618     18.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       882532     77.94%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8186      0.72%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       208707     18.43%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32814      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1132313                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.437662                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3294                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002909                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4656832                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468692                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1100824                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1135607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51279                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1342                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39296                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         27131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1222649                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       230958                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33329                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10698                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7362                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        18060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1116914                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       205446                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15399                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             238237                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         170113                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            32791                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.431710                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1101195                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1100824                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          668445                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1423867                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.425491                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.469457                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       872435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       974271                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248412                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16821                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2348518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1990042     84.74%     84.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138010      5.88%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91390      3.89%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27942      1.19%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49114      2.09%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8793      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5814      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4954      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32459      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2348518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       872435                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       974271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               211657                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              179670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           150342                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          848757                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        32459                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3538729                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2484720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 47862                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                199373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            872435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              974271                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       872435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.965478                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.965478                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.337214                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.337214                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5202547                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1427435                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1320172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         213647                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174895                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22616                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81624                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21549                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1021                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2049198                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1195151                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            213647                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       103173                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              247945                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         62726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        45206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          126927                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22458                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2382175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2134230     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11463      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17890      0.75%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          23916      1.00%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          25560      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          21571      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          11607      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          18227      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         117711      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2382175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082579                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461950                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2028504                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        66352                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          247334                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39618                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34888                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1464588                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39618                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2034487                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         13117                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        40195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          241734                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        13015                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1463303                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2042102                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6803426                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6803426                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1738211                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         303853                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           41021                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       137756                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        73428                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          842                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        17862                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1460491                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1377266                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          294                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179671                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434160                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2382175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1800181     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       238925     10.03%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121191      5.09%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91615      3.85%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71955      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28836      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18538      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9586      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1348      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2382175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           286     11.64%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          913     37.17%     48.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1257     51.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1158937     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20432      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124682      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73044      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1377266                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.532341                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2456                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5139454                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1640532                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1354465                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1379722                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2700                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24706                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1483                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39618                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         10398                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1164                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1460852                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137756                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73428                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          989                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12366                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13430                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25796                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1356611                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117243                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             190268                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         192270                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            73025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.524358                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1354545                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1354465                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          778482                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2098840                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523528                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370911                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1013463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1247197                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213640                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22677                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2342557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1830371     78.14%     78.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254115     10.85%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95963      4.10%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45372      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38476      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22425      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19498      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8673      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27664      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2342557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1013463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1247197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               184991                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              113046                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           179825                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1123752                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25701                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        27664                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3775717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2961320                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32863                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                205012                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1013463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1247197                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1013463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.552818                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.552818                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.391724                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.391724                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6103690                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1888144                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1357275                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         234555                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195466                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22836                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88937                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24777                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2030972                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1286248                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            234555                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       108253                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              267111                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         64709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        66702                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          127634                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21748                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2406476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2139365     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          16192      0.67%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20212      0.84%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          32652      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          13464      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          17593      0.73%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          20260      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9638      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         137100      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2406476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497161                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2018865                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        80202                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          265741                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          157                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        41508                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        35414                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1571697                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        41508                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2021456                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          6156                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        67835                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          263271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6243                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1560838                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2181364                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7253508                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7253508                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1791014                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         390350                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          364                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           22919                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       147391                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        75402                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          883                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        17199                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1522536                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          364                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1448876                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1797                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205815                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434721                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2406476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.602074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1794015     74.55%     74.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278370     11.57%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114415      4.75%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64207      2.67%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86418      3.59%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27292      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26573      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14003      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1183      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2406476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10136     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1363     10.65%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1305     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1221300     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19612      1.35%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132722      9.16%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75064      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1448876                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.560020                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12804                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5318829                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1728723                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409125                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1461680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          969                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31006                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1400                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        41508                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          4706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          635                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1522902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1112                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147391                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75402                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          553                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12691                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13484                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        26175                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1422065                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130047                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             205093                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         200558                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            75046                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.549657                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1409140                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1409125                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          844251                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2268117                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.544655                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372226                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1041740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1283796                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239114                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2364968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820816     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276288     11.68%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100099      4.23%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49754      2.10%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45323      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19155      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19122      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9039      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25372      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2364968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1041740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1283796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               190387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              116385                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           186058                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1155899                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        26528                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        25372                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3862506                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3087329                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 32596                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                180711                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1041740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1283796                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1041740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.483525                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.483525                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.402654                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.402654                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6395487                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1971863                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1451217                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         195300                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175538                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17083                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132486                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128758                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10629                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          536                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2071394                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1112482                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            195300                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       139387                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              247207                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         56974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        29768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          126645                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16534                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2388157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2140950     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          38474      1.61%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18429      0.77%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          37931      1.59%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          10702      0.45%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          35561      1.49%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5163      0.22%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8484      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          92463      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2388157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.429997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2031757                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        70175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          246571                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          243                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39408                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        17276                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1235088                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1670                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39408                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2036392                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         44429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        12976                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          242593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12356                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1232467                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        10624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1606927                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5571163                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5571163                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1264178                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         342729                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           24475                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       231035                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        33325                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7447                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1223982                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1133018                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1147                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       247104                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       522320                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2388157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1891235     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153100      6.41%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170007      7.12%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98054      4.11%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48554      2.03%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12631      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13951      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          335      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          290      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2388157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1918     57.65%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          790     23.75%     81.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          619     18.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883193     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8188      0.72%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       208757     18.42%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32806      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1133018                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.437934                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3327                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4658667                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471272                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1101671                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1136345                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          899                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1338                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39408                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         25653                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1506                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1224151                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231035                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33325                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10701                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7302                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        18003                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1117672                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       205507                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             238291                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         170244                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            32784                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.432003                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1102018                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1101671                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          668867                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1424409                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.425818                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.469575                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       872782                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       974618                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249586                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2348749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1989951     84.72%     84.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138189      5.88%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91490      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27953      1.19%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49200      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8823      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5765      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4939      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32439      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2348749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       872782                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       974618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               211764                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              179777                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           150396                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          849050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        32439                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3540501                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2487857                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 47860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                199030                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            872782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              974618                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       872782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.964299                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.964299                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337348                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337348                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5205999                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1428505                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1322059                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         213355                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174629                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22678                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86554                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81697                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21570                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1041                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2049553                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1193807                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            213355                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       103267                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              247787                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         62771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        45382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          126974                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22528                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2382530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2134743     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11387      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17991      0.76%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          24102      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          25456      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          21538      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          11476      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18245      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         117592      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2382530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082466                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461431                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2028961                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        66421                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          247189                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          353                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39599                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        34868                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1463104                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39599                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2034850                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         13047                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        40508                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          241677                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12840                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1461879                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2040486                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6796696                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6796696                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1736226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         304214                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           40419                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       137667                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        73379                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          822                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        17858                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459076                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1376099                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          301                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179362                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433921                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2382530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1800817     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       238690     10.02%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121340      5.09%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91781      3.85%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71734      3.01%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28791      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18493      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9535      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1349      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2382530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           289     11.81%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          905     36.98%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1253     51.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1157845     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20412      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124698      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72973      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1376099                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.531890                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2447                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001778                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5137473                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1638810                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1353088                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2632                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24747                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1503                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39599                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10346                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1147                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459433                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137667                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73379                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          977                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13380                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        25809                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355238                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117115                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20858                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             190065                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         192161                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            72950                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523827                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1353175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1353088                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          777635                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2095838                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522996                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371038                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1012329                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1245801                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213617                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22737                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2342931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1831092     78.15%     78.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253980     10.84%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95954      4.10%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45324      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38429      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22408      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19537      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8693      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27514      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2342931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1012329                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1245801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               184794                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              112918                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           179614                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1122510                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25676                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        27514                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3774822                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2958471                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32891                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                204657                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1012329                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1245801                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1012329                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.555678                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.555678                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391286                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391286                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6097041                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1886451                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1355766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         201573                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181581                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12458                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95235                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70161                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10810                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2118508                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1266459                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            201573                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        80971                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              249387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         39612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        53477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          123409                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12326                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2448218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2198831     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           8747      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18051      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7378      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          40822      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          36611      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6952      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          14854      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         115972      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2448218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077912                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489512                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2106015                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        66439                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          248280                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          862                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        26618                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17749                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1483283                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1397                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        26618                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2108863                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         45932                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        12872                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          246364                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         7565                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1481035                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         2990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           70                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1743912                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6969469                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6969469                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1508929                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         234983                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          180                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           96                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           20729                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       347907                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       174837                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8532                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1475854                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          183                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1408567                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1073                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       135587                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       325830                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2448218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1947169     79.53%     79.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150368      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123407      5.04%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52968      2.16%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67518      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64977      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36974      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3016      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1821      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2448218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3489     10.92%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27621     86.45%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          840      2.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       885079     62.84%     62.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12190      0.87%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337171     23.94%     87.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174044     12.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1408567                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.544440                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31950                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5298375                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1611684                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1394367                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1440517                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2678                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17313                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2071                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        26618                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         41843                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1804                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1476046                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           35                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       347907                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174837                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           97                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1182                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6498                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7732                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        14230                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1397274                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335836                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             509824                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         182646                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           173988                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.540075                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1394510                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1394367                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          754049                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1485420                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.538951                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507634                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1122113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       158043                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        12492                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2421600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1943336     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174747      7.22%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81772      3.38%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81044      3.35%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21724      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94194      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7199      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5072      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12512      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2421600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1122113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1318083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               503360                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              330594                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           173980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1171896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12640                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        12512                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3885201                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2978884                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48021                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                138969                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1122113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1318083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1122113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.305639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.305639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.433719                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.433719                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6903862                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1622098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1760899                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         201964                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181980                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12403                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80525                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69875                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10791                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          545                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2116811                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1267727                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            201964                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        80666                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              249320                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         39648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        56276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          123252                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12259                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2449347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2200027     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           8599      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18011      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           7326      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          40782      1.67%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          36682      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6756      0.28%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          14932      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         116232      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2449347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.078063                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.490002                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2103762                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        69793                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          248244                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          834                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        26710                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        17757                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1484578                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1415                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        26710                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2106791                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         48061                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        13835                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          246177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         7769                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1482430                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           24                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1746375                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6975054                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6975054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1508969                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         237380                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           21772                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       347998                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       174758                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1594                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8450                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1477179                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          186                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1408361                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1105                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       137558                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       333781                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2449347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948784     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       149837      6.12%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123308      5.03%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53226      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67339      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64931      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37080      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2997      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1845      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2449347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3523     11.02%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27607     86.36%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          837      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884881     62.83%     62.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12150      0.86%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337263     23.95%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       173984     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1408361                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.544360                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31967                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022698                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5299139                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1614985                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393931                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1440328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2574                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          123                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        26710                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         43936                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1928                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1477372                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       347998                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174758                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1295                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6373                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7882                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        14255                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1396926                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335856                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             509787                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         182679                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           173931                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.539940                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1394081                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1393931                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          753644                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1484495                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.538782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507677                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1122137                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318112                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159378                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        12432                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2422637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1944394     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174761      7.21%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81776      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81007      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21696      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94173      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7211      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5089      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12530      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2422637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1122137                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1318112                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               503363                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              330597                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           173986                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1171920                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12640                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        12530                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3887584                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2981718                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 47952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                137840                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1122137                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1318112                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1122137                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.305589                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.305589                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.433729                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.433729                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6901459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1622095                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1762053                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         210065                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171922                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86251                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79816                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21262                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1014                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2007342                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1199003                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            210065                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       101078                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              262041                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         64143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        67087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          125164                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2377999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2115958     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          27929      1.17%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          32369      1.36%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          17565      0.74%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          19854      0.83%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          11703      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7768      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          20728      0.87%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         124125      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2377999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081194                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.463439                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1990010                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        85061                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          259550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41132                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34209                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          398                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1462944                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2148                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41132                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1993746                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         16347                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        59101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          258082                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9587                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1460778                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2031188                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6799630                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6799630                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1703088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         328094                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           27583                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       140312                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        75501                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1921                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15987                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456730                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          392                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367504                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1977                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200493                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       468434                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           55                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2377999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1802659     75.81%     75.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230721      9.70%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124918      5.25%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85777      3.61%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75131      3.16%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38614      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9681      0.41%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6048      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4450      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2377999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           352     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1339     43.92%     55.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144784     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21337      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126504      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74713      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367504                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.528568                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3049                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002230                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5118033                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342611                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3453                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27434                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2438                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41132                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         11370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457128                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140312                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75501                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          224                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          849                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12136                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13004                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25140                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1345631                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118513                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21873                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             193180                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         187702                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            74667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.520114                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1342695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1342611                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          798688                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2092937                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.518946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381611                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999998                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226881                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2336867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1835576     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232627      9.95%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97490      4.17%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58366      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40212      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26343      1.13%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13798      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10815      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21640      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2336867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       999998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1226881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               185938                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              112875                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           175549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1106113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        21640                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3772369                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2955455                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32679                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                209188                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            999998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1226881                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       999998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.587192                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.587192                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.386519                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.386519                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6067819                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1865137                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1363926                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         210093                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171955                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22270                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85466                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79757                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21323                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1009                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008446                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1200080                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            210093                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       101080                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              262411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         64321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        64488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          125273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21993                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2377024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2114613     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          27872      1.17%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          32604      1.37%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          17725      0.75%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          19766      0.83%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11702      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7733      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          20683      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         124326      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2377024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081205                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.463855                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1991064                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        82519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          259867                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2290                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        41280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34199                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          400                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1464556                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2164                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        41280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1994840                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         16296                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        56628                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          258414                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         9562                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1462441                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4683                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2033914                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6807751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6807751                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1703738                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         330151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           27493                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       140516                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        75465                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1972                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458484                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1368776                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       201529                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       471309                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           57                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2377024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1801469     75.79%     75.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230714      9.71%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124647      5.24%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86114      3.62%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75247      3.17%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38608      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9668      0.41%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6066      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4491      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2377024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           352     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1370     44.63%     56.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1348     43.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145782     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21389      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126704      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74735      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1368776                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.529060                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3070                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002243                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5119612                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1660451                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1343814                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3560                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27579                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2366                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        41280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         11370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1233                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1458884                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140516                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75465                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          226                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          865                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13056                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25196                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346874                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118706                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21896                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             193398                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         187746                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            74692                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.520594                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1343896                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1343814                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          799577                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2094656                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.519411                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381722                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000376                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22212                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2335744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1834363     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232665      9.96%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97494      4.17%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58365      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40227      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26283      1.13%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13803      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10872      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21672      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2335744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1000376                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1227369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               186033                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              112934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           175615                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1106557                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        24970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        21672                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3772936                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2959060                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32683                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                210163                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1000376                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1227369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1000376                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.586215                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.586215                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.386666                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.386666                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6073632                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1866876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1365175                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2587187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         234417                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195360                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22998                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89580                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83917                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24786                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2031166                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1284680                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            234417                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       108703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              266984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         65015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        65558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          127804                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21923                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2138561     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          16240      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20114      0.84%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          32702      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13426      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          17859      0.74%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          20358      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9723      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         136562      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2405545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496555                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2019269                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        78823                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          265633                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        41654                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        35380                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1569952                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        41654                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2021759                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          6220                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        66494                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          263272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6139                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1559543                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          824                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2178528                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7247259                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7247259                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1787398                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         391100                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           22136                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       147266                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        75264                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        17174                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1520483                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1447354                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206258                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433482                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1793815     74.57%     74.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277862     11.55%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114325      4.75%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64270      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86245      3.59%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27374      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26533      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13984      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1137      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9980     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1219934     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19573      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132721      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74948      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1447354                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.559432                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12661                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5314646                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1727112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407024                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460015                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31096                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        41654                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520848                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147266                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75264                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12924                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13429                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        26353                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1420184                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130064                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             204991                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         200166                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            74927                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.548930                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1407039                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1407024                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          842819                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2264918                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.543843                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372119                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1039672                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1281267                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239584                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        23024                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2363891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820702     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275794     11.67%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100099      4.23%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49592      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45125      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19177      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19036      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9030      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25336      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2363891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1039672                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1281267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               190051                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              116170                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           185672                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1153654                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        26483                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        25336                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3859406                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3083366                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 32747                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                181642                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1039672                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1281267                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1039672                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.488465                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.488465                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.401854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.401854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6387285                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1968406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1449395                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3277                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32759.388803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           818880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          22.723943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           505.139820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.283758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    96.321143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.244117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    93.810520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.765455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    52.716021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.755993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    61.684679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.940894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   192.134777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    10.764409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    55.214724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.808366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   108.287471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.654172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    66.293994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    10.764721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    55.143868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.788181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   106.105627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.568746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    65.177059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.479358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   192.359957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.242031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   190.931350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.241748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   100.258798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.248189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    95.276357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    10.764716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    51.794301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1988.371988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2012.333279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1285.667968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1577.686324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2581.289505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1292.501441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2358.932709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1601.917393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1284.442614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2397.374392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1572.578012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2522.850047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2585.027154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1969.224775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2028.185304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1312.040578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.015416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.002939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.005863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.001685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.001683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.001989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.005870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.005827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.001581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.060680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.061412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.039235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.048147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.078775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.039444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.071989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.048887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.039198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.073162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.047991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.076991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.078889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.060096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.061895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.040040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1966                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1966                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          516                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          410                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          334                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          330                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          335                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3269                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3710649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     25527341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3908708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     24872531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1671420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16883165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4266260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19698374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4847397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51196774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1664763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     17200016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3809337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30407853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4265552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     20538001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1570372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17060498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3937679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28755541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3954624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20156005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4970336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     50330352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4877206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     50730677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3810391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     25652886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3811623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24352890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1516656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15860509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       495816386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       168126                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       140800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       292728                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        601654                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3710649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     25527341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3908708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     25040657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1671420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16883165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4266260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19698374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4847397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51196774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1664763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     17200016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3809337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30407853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4265552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     20538001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1570372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17060498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3937679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28755541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3954624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20156005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4970336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     50330352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4877206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     50730677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3810391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     25793686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3811623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24645618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1516656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15860509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        496418040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3710649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     25527341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3908708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     25040657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1671420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16883165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4266260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19698374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4847397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51196774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1664763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     17200016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3809337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30407853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4265552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     20538001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1570372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17060498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3937679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28755541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3954624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20156005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4970336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     50330352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4877206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     50730677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3810391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     25793686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3811623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24645618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1516656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15860509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       496418040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.282986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.306011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.328321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.396675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.342569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.395210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.395047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.280977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.363020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.290435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.282759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.306011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.325871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.395266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.331588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.340852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.393795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.393655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.282007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.361855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.290435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.282759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.306011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.325871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.395266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.331588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.340852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.393795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.393655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.282007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.361855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161332.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152858.329341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162862.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152592.214724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151947.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150742.544643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152366.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150369.267176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151481.156250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153283.754491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151342.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150877.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152373.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151282.850746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157983.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151014.713235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 142761.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152325.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151449.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151344.952632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152100.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148205.919118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150616.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152516.218182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152412.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151434.856716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158766.291667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151792.224852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158817.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151260.186335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 137877.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149627.443396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151858.004900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       168126                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       140800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       146364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150413.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161332.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152858.329341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162862.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152686.932927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151947.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150742.544643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152366.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150369.267176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151481.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153283.754491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151342.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150877.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152373.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151282.850746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157983.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151014.713235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 142761.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152325.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151449.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151344.952632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152100.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148205.919118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150616.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152516.218182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152412.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151434.856716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158766.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151727.564706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158817.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151200.110429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 137877.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149627.443396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151856.237381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161332.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152858.329341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162862.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152686.932927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151947.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150742.544643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152366.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150369.267176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151481.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153283.754491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151342.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150877.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152373.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151282.850746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157983.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151014.713235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 142761.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152325.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151449.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151344.952632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152100.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148205.919118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150616.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152516.218182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152412.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151434.856716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158766.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151727.564706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158817.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151200.110429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 137877.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149627.443396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151856.237381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1220                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1220                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2376261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15805274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2512690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     15381214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1032744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10364766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2635877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12064851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2987313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     31765525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1026530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10570147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2356008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18702966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2697815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12619354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       930895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10542343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2422499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17690662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2443733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12235445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3050589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31132632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3013995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31235680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2414926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15814041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2416511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14983894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       873932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9692487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    305793599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       110129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        82936                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       175929                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       368994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2376261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15805274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2512690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     15491343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1032744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10364766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2635877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12064851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2987313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     31765525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1026530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10570147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2356008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18702966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2697815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12619354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       930895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10542343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2422499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17690662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2443733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12235445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3050589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31132632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3013995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31235680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2414926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15896977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2416511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15159823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       873932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9692487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306162593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2376261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15805274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2512690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     15491343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1032744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10364766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2635877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12064851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2987313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     31765525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1026530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10570147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2356008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18702966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2697815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12619354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       930895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10542343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2422499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17690662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2443733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12235445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3050589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31132632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3013995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31235680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2414926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15896977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2416511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15159823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       873932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9692487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306162593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.282986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.306011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.328321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.396675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.342569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.395210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.395047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.280977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.363020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.290435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.282759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.306011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.325871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.395266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.331588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.340852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.393795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.393655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.282007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.361855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.290435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.282759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.306011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.325871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.395266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.331588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.340852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.393795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.393655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.282007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.361855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103315.695652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94642.359281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104695.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94363.276074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93885.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92542.553571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94138.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92098.099237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93353.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95106.362275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93320.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92720.587719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94240.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93049.582090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 99919.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92789.367647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 84626.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94128.062500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93173.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93108.747368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93989.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 89966.507353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92442.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94341.309091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94187.343750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93240.835821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100621.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93574.207101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100687.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93067.664596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 79448.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91438.556604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93658.070138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       110129                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        82936                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87964.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92248.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103315.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94642.359281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104695.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94459.408537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93885.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92542.553571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94138.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92098.099237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93353.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95106.362275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93320.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92720.587719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94240.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93049.582090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 99919.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92789.367647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 84626.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94128.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93173.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93108.747368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93989.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 89966.507353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92442.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94341.309091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94187.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93240.835821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100621.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93511.629412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100687.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93005.049080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 79448.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91438.556604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93656.345366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103315.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94642.359281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104695.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94459.408537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93885.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92542.553571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94138.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92098.099237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93353.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95106.362275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93320.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92720.587719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94240.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93049.582090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 99919.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92789.367647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 84626.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94128.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93173.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93108.747368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93989.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 89966.507353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92442.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94341.309091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94187.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93240.835821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100621.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93511.629412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100687.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93005.049080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 79448.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91438.556604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93656.345366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              505.244941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1482476.573123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.244941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.037252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.809687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5441396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5441396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5441396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5441396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5441396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5441396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175528.903226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175528.903226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175528.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175528.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175528.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175528.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4371430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4371430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4371430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4371430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4371430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4371430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182142.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182142.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182142.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182142.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182142.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182142.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             142241.878460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.968593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.031407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.714721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.285279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       158907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         158907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       158907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        158907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    234818225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    234818225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6691208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6691208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    241509433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241509433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    241509433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241509433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       160925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       160925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       160925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       160925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120173.093654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120173.093654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104550.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104550.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119677.617939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119677.617939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119677.617939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119677.617939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1443                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55754013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55754013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       217698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       217698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55971711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55971711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55971711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55971711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 97472.050699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97472.050699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        72566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 97342.106087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97342.106087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 97342.106087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97342.106087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              506.205111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750133183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1479552.629191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.205111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.038790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         125221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        125221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5937364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5937364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5937364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5937364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5937364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5937364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       125254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       125254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179920.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179920.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179920.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179920.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179920.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179920.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4694961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4694961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4694961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4694961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4694961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4694961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 187798.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187798.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 187798.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187798.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 187798.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187798.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              118203420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             141391.650718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   183.696526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    72.303474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.717565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.282435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        86664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        72659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       159323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         159323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       159323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        159323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    231754768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    231754768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8233632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8233632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    239988400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    239988400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    239988400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    239988400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        88617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       161342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       161342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118666.035842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118666.035842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       124752                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       124752                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118864.982665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118864.982665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118864.982665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118864.982665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     55656587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55656587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       376862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       376862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     56033449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56033449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     56033449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56033449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96626.019097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96626.019097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94215.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94215.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96609.394828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96609.394828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96609.394828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96609.394828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              465.764847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              753003891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1615888.178112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.764847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.017251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         127639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        127639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2125102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2125102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2125102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2125102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2125102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2125102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       127652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       127652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163469.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163469.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163469.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163469.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163469.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163469.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1780320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1780320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1780320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1780320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1780320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1780320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161847.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161847.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161847.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161847.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161847.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161847.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              109335685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             175780.844051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   129.728799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   126.271201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.506753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.493247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        99795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        73649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         173444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        173444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     98867602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98867602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     98867602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     98867602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     98867602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     98867602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       100723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        73649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       174372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       174372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106538.364224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106538.364224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106538.364224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106538.364224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106538.364224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106538.364224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     35260662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35260662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     35260662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35260662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     35260662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35260662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96340.606557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96340.606557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96340.606557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96340.606557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96340.606557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96340.606557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              489.912287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              749560954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1484279.116832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.912287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.023898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         127011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        127011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5534440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5534440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5534440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5534440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5534440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5534440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       127045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       127045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162777.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162777.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162777.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162777.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162777.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162777.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4807643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4807643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4807643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4807643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4807643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4807643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160254.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160254.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160254.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160254.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160254.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160254.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113237696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             172093.762918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   139.243816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   116.756184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.543921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.456079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71691                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71691                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       157828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         157828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       157828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        157828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    146892939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146892939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1200187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1200187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    148093126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    148093126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    148093126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    148093126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        87390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.007970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.007970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117232.992019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117232.992019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 80012.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80012.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 116792.686120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116792.686120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 116792.686120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116792.686120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     38966439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38966439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     39158739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39158739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     39158739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39158739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97660.248120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97660.248120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97409.798507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97409.798507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97409.798507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97409.798507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              567.299181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              768706617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1334560.098958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.577034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.722147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.040989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       123285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       123285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         123285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       123285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        123285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6583465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6583465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6583465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6583465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6583465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6583465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       123325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       123325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       123325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       123325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       123325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164586.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164586.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164586.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164586.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164586.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164586.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5580089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5580089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5580089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5580089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5580089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5580089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169093.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169093.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169093.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169093.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169093.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169093.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              289307690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             262768.110808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.417148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.582852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.435223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.564777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       316827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        316827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       172540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       489367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         489367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       489367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        489367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    350362930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    350362930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1343212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1343212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    351706142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    351706142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    351706142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    351706142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       319797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       319797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       172550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       492347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       492347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 117967.316498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117967.316498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 134321.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134321.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118022.195302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118022.195302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118022.195302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118022.195302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     90881186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90881186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       389246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       389246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     91270432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91270432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     91270432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91270432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107934.900238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107934.900238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129748.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129748.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108012.345562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108012.345562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108012.345562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108012.345562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              465.763768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753003890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1615888.175966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    10.763768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.017250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       127638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       127638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         127638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       127638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        127638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2202411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2202411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2202411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2202411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2202411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2202411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       127651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       127651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       127651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       127651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       127651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169416.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169416.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169416.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169416.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169416.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169416.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1809463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1809463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1809463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1809463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1809463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1809463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164496.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164496.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164496.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164496.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164496.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164496.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              109335401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             175780.387460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   129.653696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   126.346304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.506460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.493540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        99658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        73501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       173159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         173159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       173159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        173159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total          922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total          922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     99377943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99377943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     99377943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     99377943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     99377943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     99377943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       100580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        73501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       174081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       174081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107785.187636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107785.187636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107785.187636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107785.187636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107785.187636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107785.187636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     35672412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35672412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     35672412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35672412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     35672412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35672412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97465.606557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97465.606557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97465.606557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97465.606557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97465.606557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97465.606557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.807285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              646510136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1171214.014493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.692053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.115233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.037968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         126575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        126575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4997806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4997806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4997806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4997806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4997806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4997806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       126607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       126607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156181.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156181.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156181.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156181.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156181.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156181.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4331955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4331955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4331955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4331955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4331955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4331955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166613.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166613.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166613.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166613.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166613.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166613.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151270647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             183580.882282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   151.520984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.479016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.591879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.408121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       189065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       220876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         220876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       220876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        220876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    209765335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209765335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1462758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1462758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    211228093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211228093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    211228093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211228093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       191009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       222835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       222835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       222835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       222835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107903.978909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107903.978909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97517.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97517.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107824.447677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107824.447677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107824.447677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107824.447677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56993117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56993117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       233727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       233727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57226844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57226844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57226844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57226844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100872.773451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100872.773451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        77909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100751.485915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100751.485915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100751.485915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100751.485915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              489.729903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              749560838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1490180.592445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.729903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.023606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       126895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       126895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         126895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       126895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        126895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5478215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5478215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5478215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5478215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5478215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5478215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       126927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       126927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       126927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       126927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       126927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171194.218750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171194.218750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171194.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171194.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171194.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171194.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4834561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4834561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4834561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4834561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4834561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4834561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 172662.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172662.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 172662.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172662.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 172662.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172662.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              113237643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             172618.358232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   139.094655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   116.905345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.543338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.456662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        86180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        71595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       157775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         157775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       157775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        157775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150995802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150995802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1221799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1221799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152217601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    152217601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152217601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    152217601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        87437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       159047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       159047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.007998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.007998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120123.947494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120123.947494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 81453.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81453.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119667.925314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119667.925314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119667.925314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119667.925314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     39939588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39939588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       195179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       195179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     40134767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40134767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     40134767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40134767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100603.496222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100603.496222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65059.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65059.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100336.917500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100336.917500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100336.917500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100336.917500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              465.764111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              753003873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1615888.139485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    10.764111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.017250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       127621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       127621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         127621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       127621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        127621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2056214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2056214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2056214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2056214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2056214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2056214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       127634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       127634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       127634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       127634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       127634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158170.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158170.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158170.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158170.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158170.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158170.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1679672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1679672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1679672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1679672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1679672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1679672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152697.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152697.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152697.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152697.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152697.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152697.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              109335745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             175780.940514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   129.482953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   126.517047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.505793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.494207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        99856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        73646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       173502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         173502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       173502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        173502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     98921263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98921263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     98921263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     98921263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     98921263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     98921263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       100784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73646                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73646                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       174430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       174430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106596.188578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106596.188578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106596.188578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106596.188578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106596.188578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106596.188578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     35501877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35501877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     35501877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35501877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     35501877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35501877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96999.663934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96999.663934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96999.663934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96999.663934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96999.663934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96999.663934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              548.787156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              646510174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1169096.155515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.671767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.115389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.037936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         126613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        126613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4935107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4935107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4935107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4935107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4935107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4935107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       126645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       126645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154222.093750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154222.093750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154222.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154222.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154222.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154222.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4278623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4278623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4278623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4278623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4278623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4278623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158467.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158467.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158467.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158467.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158467.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158467.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  573                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              151270747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             182473.759952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   151.674729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   104.325271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.592479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.407521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       189165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       220976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         220976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       220976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        220976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    203806982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203806982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1216940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1216940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    205023922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    205023922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    205023922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    205023922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       191076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       222902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       222902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       222902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       222902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106649.388802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106649.388802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81129.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81129.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106450.634476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106450.634476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106450.634476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106450.634476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           59                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              59                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     56522887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56522887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     56715187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56715187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     56715187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56715187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99162.959649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99162.959649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98979.383944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98979.383944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98979.383944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98979.383944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              489.643876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749560885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1493149.173307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.643876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.023468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         126942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        126942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4992903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4992903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4992903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4992903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4992903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4992903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       126974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       126974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156028.218750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156028.218750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156028.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156028.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156028.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156028.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4335179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4335179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4335179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4335179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4335179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4335179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160562.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160562.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160562.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160562.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160562.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160562.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113237549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             172881.754198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   139.095121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   116.904879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.543340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.456660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         157681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        157681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    149394273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149394273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1488679                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1488679                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    150882952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150882952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    150882952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150882952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        87412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       158953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       158953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       158953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       158953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119134.188995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119134.188995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82704.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82704.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118618.672956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118618.672956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118618.672956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118618.672956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     39481848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39481848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       240195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       240195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     39722043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39722043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     39722043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39722043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99701.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99701.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        80065                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80065                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99553.992481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99553.992481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99553.992481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99553.992481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              567.838042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              768706696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1332247.306759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.115974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.722069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.041853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         123364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        123364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7139023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7139023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7139023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7139023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7139023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7139023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       123409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       123409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158644.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158644.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158644.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158644.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158644.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158644.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5884204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5884204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5884204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5884204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5884204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5884204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173064.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173064.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173064.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173064.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173064.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173064.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  838                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              289307883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             264449.618830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.429579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.570421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.435272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.564728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       316981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        316981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       172579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       489560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         489560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       489560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        489560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    347552345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    347552345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       732084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       732084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    348284429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    348284429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    348284429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    348284429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       319902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       319902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       172588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       492490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       492490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118984.027730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118984.027730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81342.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81342.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118868.405802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118868.405802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118868.405802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118868.405802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2092                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2092                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90217915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90217915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       213900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       213900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90431815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90431815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90431815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90431815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108045.407186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108045.407186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        71300                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71300                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107913.860382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107913.860382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107913.860382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107913.860382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              567.600695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              768706541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1334559.967014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.878073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.722622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.041471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       123209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       123209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         123209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       123209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        123209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6701460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6701460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6701460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6701460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6701460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6701460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       123252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       123252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       123252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       123252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       123252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155847.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155847.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155847.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155847.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155847.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155847.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5364414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5364414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5364414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5364414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5364414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5364414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       162558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       162558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       162558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  851                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              289307926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             261344.106594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.388730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.611270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.435112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.564888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       317024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       489602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         489602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       489602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        489602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         3016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         3016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    356786501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    356786501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       922520                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       922520                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    357709021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    357709021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    357709021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    357709021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       320030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       172588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       492618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       492618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118691.450765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118691.450765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        92252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118603.786804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118603.786804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118603.786804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118603.786804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91434629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91434629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       258534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       258534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91693163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91693163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91693163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91693163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107823.854953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107823.854953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        86178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107747.547591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107747.547591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107747.547591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107747.547591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              506.202562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750133093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1479552.451677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.202562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.038786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         125131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        125131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5852982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5852982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5852982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5852982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5852982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5852982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       125164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       125164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177363.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177363.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177363.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177363.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177363.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177363.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4622688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4622688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4622688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4622688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4622688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4622688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 184907.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184907.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 184907.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184907.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 184907.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184907.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              118203410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             141391.638756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   183.817837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    72.182163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.718038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.281962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         159312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        159312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    232450015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    232450015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8303077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8303077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    240753092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240753092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    240753092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240753092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        88633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       161329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       161329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.022023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119082.999488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119082.999488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 127739.646154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127739.646154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119361.969261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119361.969261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119361.969261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119361.969261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          205                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             205                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56126269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56126269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       382839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       382839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56509108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56509108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56509108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56509108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97441.439236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97441.439236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95709.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95709.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97429.496552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97429.496552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97429.496552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97429.496552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              506.209404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750133202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1479552.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.209404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         125240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        125240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5591830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5591830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5591830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5591830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5591830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5591830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       125273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       125273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169449.393939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169449.393939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169449.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169449.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169449.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169449.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4458558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4458558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4458558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4458558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4458558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4458558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 178342.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178342.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 178342.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178342.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 178342.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178342.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              118203522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             141730.841727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   183.629443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    72.370557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.717303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.282697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        86763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        72664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         159427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        159427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    230593094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    230593094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9546198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9546198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    240139292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240139292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    240139292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240139292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        88720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.022058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000935                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000935                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117829.889627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117829.889627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 140385.264706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140385.264706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118587.304691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118587.304691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118587.304691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118587.304691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     54718064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54718064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       560832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       560832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55278896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55278896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55278896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55278896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95494.003490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95494.003490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112166.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112166.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95638.228374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95638.228374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95638.228374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95638.228374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              465.764090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753004043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1615888.504292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    10.764090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.017250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       127791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       127791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         127791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       127791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        127791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2006515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2006515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2006515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2006515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2006515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2006515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       127804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       127804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       127804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       127804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       127804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154347.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154347.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154347.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154347.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154347.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154347.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1641356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1641356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1641356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1641356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1641356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1641356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149214.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149214.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149214.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149214.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149214.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149214.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              109335718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             175780.897106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   129.635833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   126.364167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.506390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.493610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        99951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        73525                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73525                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       173476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         173476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       173476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        173476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     98206657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98206657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     98206657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     98206657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     98206657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     98206657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       100895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        73525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       174420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       174420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104032.475636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104032.475636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104032.475636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104032.475636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104032.475636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104032.475636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34516080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34516080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34516080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34516080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34516080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34516080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94306.229508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94306.229508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94306.229508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94306.229508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94306.229508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94306.229508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
